It was two standard beds
Check in and check out was hassle free! I provided identification and signed a paper, and off we went to our room. We were well taken care of the entire stay - fresh made beds, new towels, etc. I enjoyed my stay
Confortable.
Is big.
No frills and dated, but the bed was comfortable, the room was relatively inexpensive, and the location was very convenient.
Customer service was professional and courteous. Room was clean
It was soft and comfortable.
I didn't get what was offered to me through my groupon, King size bed, instead I got 2 full size bed. The Hotel room(s )need renovating also more modern TV and furniture. Otherwise from that you get what you pay for because it's on the upper west side. I wouldn't stay there again, but it's good for tourists on a budget whom just come to fuljoy everything wht NYC has to offer.
Went there for a quick night get away with my boyfriend. Everything was quick and simple. Only thing I would say was we asked for extra lotion & towels and they said they would bring it but never brought it up.
They definitely lie about the flat screen tv, the room had an old tube television with about 4 working channels. My family and i didnt spend much time in the room but definitely got what i paid for i guess...
The bed was nice and soft
It was an old hotel but the service was super great and the hotel room was clean, so overall really great for the price. Location is awesome too not too far away from Times Square it took 10 minutes by Uber
Great location . Near Central Park, The MET, and plenty of food spots. Great service; friendly front desk staff and great price considering the surrounding area
It isnt a 5 star hotel but it does do the job. :)
It was beautiful
Comfort
The rooms was comfortable. Staff was friendly. Strong orders in the elevators. I never received my refund for the hold on my card for incidentals nor did I ever receive a call back when I left a message inquiring.
Was a nice room for one night’s stay. Not meant for long stay overs where lots of personal luggage is carried with as our room was not very spacious. But the room was clean and bed was comfortable. I would have like an extra towel or so. Would recommend for a quick lay over, but not for longer stays. It was a very convenient location and easy check in and out!
This was too dope
Comfortable and good space
Problem.with groupon and checking my room was booked then groupon canceled my reservation when I never did embarassed me in front of my guest but the gentleman at the hotel addressed the issue accordingly and professionally !!

Clean and friendly. Nice area
The best thing about my stay at this Days Inn Hotel was how hot the shower water got.🥰
Great!!!
We had two twins
Very attentive customer service!
It was really fun and nice
The room was up to date. It was comfy and it felt nice.
Awesome hotel very close to transportation
Big bed, nice bathroom
Staff was great. Cleanliness of room was subpar. Overall okay.
It was clean and comfy 😊
The customer service of the staff was good no complaints there. The room was no where near what was advertised. This photo is just one example of the damages we found upon arrival. To top it off the bathroom window would fall open on it's own. If all your looking for is a place to sleep and shower then I recommend this hotel everything is close by. I would stay here again.
It was very comfortable staff was very nice all that was missing was a microwave
sleeps 3
The location is amazing!
Beds were very comfortable. The rooms are specifically for sleeping (no chairs, microwave, etc). Private Bathroom was decent ( water pressure in shower low). Hotel staff VERY nice, however phones in the rooms did not work, i had to use my cell to call front desk. Housekeeping was VERY attentive and offered full room cleaning daily.
Comfortable
The hotel needs some work done Staff was very friendly.
Good sleep
Comfortable bed
It was comfy
I got a decent price for something money can't buy: time with my Best Friend!😊 However, you get what you pay for. This hotel had no amenities. It was clean but very old looking. The staff's attitude and service was mediocre at best. It is easy to get to, but there are few exciting attractions nearby. All in all, this place is budget friendly and in NYC, that's it.
Totally ok for the price, tidy room, nice receptionist, very good location near a metro station. Cafés and pharmacies right around. Would book again.
Not a king bed, very small room, old office furniture. Clean and good location.
The place was dirty and smelly but they did help get me a new room. But I wouldn’t book that place ever again.
The hotel room was not at all what was pictured and advertised. It was so incredibly tiny I could almost touch all 4 walls while standing in the middle of the room. The smell from people smoking in other rooms was absolutely overwhelming as well.
The room smelled amazingly clean, though the carpet was a little sticky in some places it was bearable. The bed was soft and sheets whiter than white☺️
Very nice, The staff was very friendly, the room was nice and clean. Great view from our room.
I bought these by mistake ! I need to cancel . It says I have until 2 pm and is 1 . Please help with the cancelation
Very comfy
Worst hotel I've ever had. Their customer service was beyond pathetic. Never going back.
Staff is great, hotel room was a dump. Mold, filthy carpets broken windows and broken air conditioner, electric socket hanging out of wall. Wasn’t worth $20.
This hotel was very accommodating. The young lady at the front was very warm and welcoming. Amazing last minute arrangement. The business sweet could use a little update with the furniture . But not a big deal for me not to give a 5 !
This experience was horrible, the conditions in the hotel were repulsive. I didn't even stay 5 mins after checking in and seeing the room. The hallway and room smelled like moisture was in the carpet. The carpet was actually coming up in some areas of the hallway. The mirror in the bathroom was 90% covered in rust. The desk in the room was filthy. My kids and I left immediately and never returned.
Detestable. Knats in the bathroom. Stains on the carpet. Duct tape on the window AC unit. Outdated television with horrible fuzzy yellow picture. I know the building is old but good grief. Never again will I book here.
The room was nice and large and the bed was great. Everything was comfortable and great. Loved it
This hotel is old & dated. We switched rooms 4 times in 3 days. The 1st had a broken toilet, 2 & 3 no wifi and 4, better wifi but toilet acted up and so did the door. The only good thing is the staff who do a truly great job (5⭐️) except for the manager Angela who is abrupt and rude and not very professional. We overheard her bad mouthing a coworker just outside of thehotel. Not good!!
Everything was decent. The staff was fantastic and so was the location
This hotel was dirty from the moment we walked in. Elevators look like they are going to stop working and they were hot and dirty. We were on the 11th floor which was dark and dingy, a little scary even. AC in room barely worked, towels are scarce and washcloth, the one we were given, had a whole in it. I will never stay here again!!!
It’s ok for a night or two but the rooms are really old, outdated, old tv, and the bathroom tubs do get clogged pretty quick.
Dirty, cable didn’t work , outdated , will never return to this est
The location was great but service with staff members in the evening check in was bad
Very outdated inside & out. Could not wait to leave 1st thing the next day. I was so embarrassed I suggested going here to my sister from NC. I have always trusted Groupon’s suggested hotels. Groupon should not offer such a gross place to stay. Please remove this dump Groupon, you have a better standard for offerings. The hotel felt unsafe & unsanitary.
If I could give this zero stars I would. First of all, the pictures are not of this hotel. We got there and went to our room to find out it was never cleaned. There were dirty towels on the ground and open soaps and shampoos. Also the carpet was stained with something grotesque. When I went down to complain I was told they had nothing to offer me so we left. Now I cannot get a refund from groupon.
Bedbugs in room 521. Useless customer service! Buyers beware
Old, not clean. Worn, frayed carpets, shady electrical. Broken bathroom fixtures and tiles. Did have hot water and ther room temperature was fine. Close to subway. Read all the reviews. They’re all true. This is not a fancy place or even a good place, really. But probably the cheapest that NYC offers... so?
Awesome
Comfortable
It was comfy!
It is really a beautiful room; a beautiful and restful place to stay. Best regards
One king person.
The bed was very comfortable
everything
It was very comfortable, and everything was good.
Check in was super easy and hassle free. The room was clean only bad thing is trying to find parking
Please avoid place. Its old and needs a full remodel. The staff is very pleasant and professional. Management not so much because they were never there
TERRIBLE!! Room smell! Old! I called to complain, they moved me to another old room! Similar to a rooming apartment. Looks nothing like the advertisement! Then hours later they said they placed me on the wrong floor by that time, I checked out. Couldn’t sleep in that mess!
Worst room they took full advantage of the fact that we booked through groupon and provided the worst room for us, with family it was not a good room to stay. Small, smelly, broken and dirty. Could not give no star so 1 star
If I could give this zero stars I would.
The phone in the room did not work so you had to walk downstairs to ask where the ice machines were. The TV would turn off and on it's own. The AC would conk out and the tubs are super slippery Both my daughter and I have injuries from slipping. It took 6 hours and being reprimanded by Jimmy in maintenance for having to look for a non slip mat . I reported my injury and the staff who does not wear name tags was like oh well not our problem . Their is only blinds on the windows and at night from 1- 3am all the lights and street sounds can be heard . I WANT MY MONEY BACK .
So, I have never left a review before... but felt inspired due to our experience. The pros were that the room was clean and it was close to the subway and Central Park. The cons were that there was a lot of confusion about my reservation through Groupon despite having a confirmed reservation number. There was not enough help at the hotel and the rooms were run down. There was a line to see the person at the desk everyday and no one answered the phone. The hotel was very disorganized and poorly run. We had to ask for toilet paper. You only get one towel per person and they could not supply an additional towel. The tub did not drain. There was black mold in the bathroom. Like I said, I don’t typically write reviews and am pretty easy going with accommodations, but can’t say I would recommend this hotel to anyone or personally stay there again.
Time to gut this building and start over...
Worst of worst. Never using that hotel and Gropon too. 1. Peoples unkind 2. Too small 3. Very strange small in the room 4. Bed. It is too old. Not flat and spring is already broken. Sick my back so far
Nice space of the room
horrible room, and ambiance
It was ok
Got to the hotel, and was given a room that was dirty, the bed was undone, garbage on the floor. They did assign me another room afterwards. But not a good impression.
Basic, no frills at all. I needed a bed, a bed is what I got. Very outdated. Nightstand was in pretty rough shape. Not dirty, but not exactly clean either. It served its purpose but I don’t intend on returning.
This hotel isn’t worth it 1 star Their customer service is bad first they told me that I can have roller bed for free but when I got there it was $25 each, the room doesn’t look like the pictures at all. the floor is very dirty and sticky. The bed had only sheets I did tell The housekeeper to give a blanket, i called the front desk nobody answered. had to go down. 30 min later we got 1
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone; the rooms do not look anything like the photos. The carpets are beyond disgusting and the customer service was also horrible as well. I asked for three different rooms and still was not satisfied with the service and the hotel service essentially gave me an ultimatum to stay in the room or find another hotel in the middle of a snow storm. 0 stars********
Horrible experience they charged my card and never booked me a room so I was stranded in the city 3 hours away from home no transportation.
The looks it was constructive themselves and by a actual contractor. Low class
I do not recommend this place what so ever.Our bathroom door was busted, the sink had a crack, and the floor felt dirty and in some places dipped in as if the floor was sinking.Elevator number light did not work.Luggage was locked in my room and they could not open it.Waited 30 min outside my door with 2 kids after a 13hr drive.Wallet/clothes were in the room so couldnt leave or change.0 stars
HORRIBLE!!!! I didn’t even stay the entire night. I left New York and caught the 2am Bus back to DC. False advertisement with alllll the pictures! This hotel is NADTY, OLD, OUTDATED! Old 1990 TV, stool flooded, wet nasty carpet, no view, bathroom tub rusty. I’ve talked to Manager and he didn’t seem surprised at all of my complaints. Groupon I want my money back. Spoiled my daughter spring break😡
Terrible. Everything about the room & hotel was outdated & dirty. They didn't have soap for the shower. Definitely a thumbs down.
Still waiting for my incentive back
Thanks so much for the service.
No stars don't go to this hotel horrible
Room was old - peeling and stained wallpaper, old TV set, smelly carpet, cracked bathroom tiles and old and not working water pipes. Found hairs that weren’t mine in the sheets. Won’t be reserving here again.
We booked a 1-night stay through groupon. The room was on the 7th floor. When we first entered the room the floor was uneven so there was a strange dip. There was no blanket on the bed. There was no dresser. There was an old table and chair but the chair was one seat away from seeing the end of its days. The best part of the room was the bathroom. Also the location of the room was well placed. A friend of mine around last year booked a room (not through groupon) for multiple days and the room was the complete opposite. Nice bed, nice white dresser. You wouldnt have believed we stayed in the same place. I guess if you book through Groupon you get the crappy room. Buyer beware
The worst experience of my life ! Booked it for my fiancé’s birthday weekend. We found mold in our tub, the walls were dirty, the room smelled like cigarettes and we had no television remote. Phone did not have identification on it so we had to play guess which button leads to the front desk. Cleaning lady did not bring us extra rags instead gave us extra towels. Never stay here !! Reporting them.
Yes it was a pleasure quite stay . Small but good for the price. No breakfast in the morning like some other hotels. Overall it was okay.
The room was clean, and fine for a 1 night stay, but I wouldn't recommend if you are staying longer. The room had a faint smell of smoke, but that could have been from the lower floors. The lady at the front desk was nice. She was able to check us in quickly. If you are in a pinch this is a decent place to stay.
This hotel is clearly understaffed and the place is a bit date but overall our stay was really great! We were on vacation so we didn’t spend much time in our room. It’s a great location for sight seeing. Minutes from Central Park and if you don’t mind walking or biking it’s perfect to do self guided tours. I love how it was away from the more touristy spots. Would stay here again!
Terrible worst experience ever
location and hassle free
Terrible room
Charged me for two rooms. Hotel rep cancelled one, have yet to see that refund. Also hotel vending machine took my money and when I asked for that refund, rep stated it would be given back when I checked out, even after a note was inputted in the system. That did not happen. Other than that, the room I did stay in was decent. Bed was comfortable but house keeping only changed towels not bedding.
Terrible!!
This place was awful. Don’t trust the photos on the web this is not the room you will be getting. When we complained about this they stated that those photos are of the renovated rooms and we didn’t book one of those and tried to upcharge $30. The floor felt like we might fall right through and we were scared to use the shower.
The air conditioner was very noisy and there was a bunch of syringes in the bathroom.
Very comfortable
We upgraded our room from a standard king to a suite. The staff was very pleasant and accommodating I have zero complaints about them. I would not recommend staying here. We are from Florida, about an hour outside of Miami. We know what heat is like. This hotel room had no central AC, and we went to NYC over the hottest weekend in the summer. It was miserable. The hotel room was shabby.
The first room had mold and wallpaper peeling, the second the floor was giving in and the tub was full of rust, the 3rd room closet door appeared to have been punched with wholes in it. We asked for towel due to only having one in the bathroom we never got any. Service was less than horrible. Would not ever recommend this hotel unless you are someone looking to rent by the hour!
The room smelled and the sheets were dirty...
The room is very small. The pictures are deceiving. I felt like I walked into a closet instead of a actual room. There are no microwaves or mini fridge. Feels like I’m in a motel.
No hot water!!!!
Room was old and dirty. My husband and I were grossed out to sleep there.
Disgusting never will I go there again, I found dirty pillow , someone’s hair, dirty tub, roach , crumbs on the floor the list goes on, staff is not helpful giving me the run around to fix the issues I had, don’t waste ur time or money going there
Im not going to post anything negative. It was what it was. See the photos. Location was great. Out if the tourist fray but Starbucks, drugstore, diner, fast food and Ben & Jerry’s all nearby.
Horrible guy at check in tells me he does not see reservation and has me there for one hour had to call my boyfriend they spoke and then he let us in. Dark skin guy at check in.in the night. I did not get his name.
The price of the room
First night I cannot believe the manager actitudes. The only area remodeling was the lobby, but just a little. Room clean but not enough towels and not conditioner and others stuff. I was no happy at all
Photos are not the actual hotel room pics don’t get fooled you get your money worth that’s all I have to say.
Worst experience ever! My room didn’t have hot shower, I went to the front desk and the lady said she was going to send an engineer. The “engineer” never show up. I went downstairs a second time and requested a room change. They assigned a new room that it was not in the elevator. They had a special room 13 that they call PH. It was a very shady experience. All was resolved by 2 A.M. Bad!
The rooms were really dirty and not clean at all would never go back you shouldn’t have that one on your list
Very dated, smells like smoke, very noisy and no shades on the windows to keep sun out in the morning.
Not what I know as a Wyndham affiliate...
Hotel was absolutely dirty. I've made a complaint requesting a refund, groupon nor days in have returned my call. 500 for 2 hotel rooms for 1 night and this is the level of disgusting... yuck🤢🤢🤢
The hotel images are not the real images of the hotel rooms they are horrible but I guess I pay what my money is worth in NY. Lesson learned.... Don't fall for it!
The staff was helpful, but rooms were outdated and the elevators didn’t work properly.
Incredibly rude front desk staff, carpet in hallways was ripped. The room itself looked like it was from the 1970's. The ad stated that it had been renovated, but I guess they didn't specify which year it was renovated....The elevators were tiny and the glass in them was dirty.
Small room, old finishes, peeling paint, old smelly carpet
Okay! In our original room we had an uninvited guest in the bathroom. Needless to say I was violent w/him. When I asked to change the room they would not and instead was told to talk to the manager who would not be here till next morning. Manager’s attitude horrible! Un compliance but we were upgraded to the penthouse suite! Which was cleaner and no other guests were present. Hotel! Sucks
It was cool nice service but there is no breakfast there you have to go out
We really liked the location. The Subway is very close and it's walking distance from Central Park. The lobby is nice but the remaining of the building not so much. I was looking for a affordable place and I got what we paid for, comparing to the other places in NY. It's an old building, very tight hallways. But if you are just looking for a place to spend the night and you are not too picky, it's ok. We were happy and had a great time in New York.
The best thing was the bed. The shower and mirrors were a little rusty. But the kings size bed was super comfy!!!
The room was clean, but in need of remodeling. The wall paper peeling, the lampshapdes were cracked and office chair horribly worn. Pictures of the hotel should removed as the did not at all reflect the two rooms we were offrered. The lobby and front photo are accurate.
There isn't housekeeping literally have to walk to the front desk for everything and the rooms are way too small plus non smokin room I had to keep goin outside furthermore the walls are very hallow thin .upgrade please !

Paid for 2 nights stayed only 1 just from lack of communication. Love the discount yet request better service.
No heat , no hot water , dirty room , only one towel was in bathroom, NO wifi . Save your money don’t stay in this hotel otherwise you will cry whole night
Tv older than me
We were purposely given a room with absolutely no heat and the top windows open but too high to reach. I called to mention it and the annoyed desk clerk knew about the situation and only sent up extra blankets. Keep in mind it's a well below freezing January night! I would've given 1 star had it not been for the housekeeper who made sure we got a different room. Thanks Warren Valentin!
The room was old and cold. The TV was old fashioned. The wallpaper dirty and the lamp broken. However, great location and worthy for the price.
Horrible Customer Service from overnight staff on Jan 20, 2018.
Wall paper was peeling, roaches in the bathroom. Rooms look NOTHING like what is shown in these pictures. TV from 1968! No cable. Door key gave me trouble upon every entry. No fridge or microwave. Hotel staff wouldn’t allow me to use their microwave from their break room. And OMGG the room was colddddd!!! No heat. No blankets! Just thin bed sheets. Total waste of money!
Took for ever to check in . The room was small and there was holes in the floor under the carpet that your foot went in. Water would not stop running in bathroom sink . Not what I expected at all ! Would not stay there again ! Only good thing was the closeness to to sub way
It was awful...broke down
The room is very outdated, trim is missing from the walls, the wallpaper is peeling off the walls! There was no blanket on the bed and the heat did not work. Not very clean and not very spacious. Only spent 15 minutes in the room before deciding to leave.
The worst hotel ever. Marijuana smell throughout the hallways had my son with me. Management is horrible as well. Do not go to this hotel
This was the worst hotel I ever stayed in. The rooms were awful. Very disappointed that Groupon would sponsor this hotel.
I didn't expect much for the price I'd paid but this place was in bad shape.
Absolutely would not recommend! The manager was so rude and unprofessional. The room was horrific, so dirty as if it's never been cleaned. Not worth the price! Run the other way!
Would never recommend this hotel. An error was made in this reservation and Mercedes H. would not help to correct this. This was the least helpful customer service I have dealt wit or heard of
I only gave two stars because the staff were nice and the hotel was in a good location. One block from subway and 10 walk to Central Park. Hotel was very very outdated. Tv were from early 2000years, ripped wall paper and boilers that never shut off so it was very warm in our room.
Honestly the room looked nothing like the posts say ! The floor felt like it was going to fall right through and the bathrooms had rust all over the bathtub! The bed was comfy but other then that it deff was something I wouldn’t recommend unless you couldn’t find anything else.
Book on Groupon no Reservation at hotel took 30 mins to resolve asked for highest floor to get good view of city got 10 th fl no view when we got to floor hallway are so narrow seriously weird when we got to room beds are not double bed pics are not true of room and had weird smell , bathroom was ok nicest part of room will not book again rug had stains disappointing for $100 a nt disappointed ☹️
Horrible spot. I ended up spending more money to stay at a different hotel the second night. We just left after the first night. It’s not suitable for any type of lodging. Just move on.
Do not stay here. Nothing works at all including computer to make room keys. They tried to put us in an occupied room. Got worse from there.
This place is disgusting! Only reason I gave it 1 star( doesn't deserve any)is because is the only way I can write a review.Place is a dump! As soon as you walk in there's a horrible smell, sofa and furniture in lobby needs to be in garbage, room has holes on the floor that was covered with a filthy carpet!!! I did not stay there.I immediately went back to front desk and asked for a cancellation!!
Do not get this Groupon!!!! This hotel was the worst hotel I have ever experienced I wish I could give it 10 negative stars!!!! There was blood in the sink!!! The place is so run down and gross!!!
This hotel was not the one in the pictures!! The wall outside the room was unfinished, there was a crack in the door to which you could see through. There were brown spots on my pillow case. The bathroom was very small. Overall the room was very run down and nothing like in the pictures!
It says room with a king bed more like a room with a full bed but they made a production that they were upgrading me to a queen bed. The place is an absolute dive it’s filthy and just ghetto. This is the first time I have used Groupon and I’m extremely disappointed because that’s false advertising room with a king bed not true!!!
Its ok. Still too much money. Bathroom in the room had yellow stuff. Doesnt seem like they do a good job cleaning. Dont bother using the phone for maintence or any other help number because they dont pick up. The hallway looked like you were in the projects.
The staff was unfriendly, no helpful and made a very bad impression. Actually saw a handicapped man struggling with the heavy outside doors, while two staff members stood immediately inside watching! The place was very old, the towels were small and thin. My bed had a divot about 1 1/2 foot long and about 5 inches wide, noticeable under the paper thin bedding. In need of cleaning & renovations
Nothing against days inn. But Groupon didn’t showcase what the room actually looked like. Paid almost 200 including fees and it was a joke. I was better off just paying 400-500 dollars for a hotel and avoided going through Groupon alltogether. I’ve since deleted the app. Some hinges aren’t worth going cheap on.
never again
The headboard of the board actually fell off the wall and hit us while we were sitting up against it with pillows watching tv. The shower did not drain properly, and the building is not very clean.
The room was awful. The bathroom was dirty and there were holes in the walls. The door barely fit in the frame and could hardly close. The hallways were a cramped maze and the elevators were old and small. We didn't even stay the night; that's how unsafe we felt. DO NOT stay here.
Very hot. Outdated. Tub was dirty.
Our room did not have a king bed, it was a full. The room was also in the stairwell of the emergency exit, VERY sketchy. Also, our TV di d not work. Overall, not happy.
Everything was great, I don’t need to say more. Too
Absolutely disgusting. Wallpaper stained and peeling, carpet stained, AC unit duct taped to window, terrible smell. Pictures on groupon are of “premium” rooms not even available through groupon. We had to book a different hotel. Both hotel and groupon refused to initiate a refund despite not being as advertised. Terrible customer service.
This was nothing like the picture and the hallway carpet smelled !! It was not updated nor modernized I won’t be coming back!!
The pictures are not the same when you get there. There no flat screen TVs the bed don’t look as nice as the photos. Dingy walls and ripped paint by the heaters. honestly this shouldn’t be name 4 star cause it’s more like a 2 or 2.5 hotel. Totally the opposite of what you think ur gonna get.
Clean, spacious and good environment
I want a refund the goon was not the same as advertised I did not stay for the night
This hotel was older, but I understand they are in the process of upgrading. I did not get a renovated room, so it was pretty dingy. But, it seemed clean. The daytime staff was brusk and not super-friendly, but the nighttime guy was great. On the way in to the hotel, a departing guest told us not to leave anything in the room, because it would be stolen. Since I didn’t leave anything in my room unattended, I can’t speak to the validity of that. The location isn’t great if you plan to spend your time in midtown. It’s a good $20 cab ride from the theater district.
I expected this hotel to be shabby and out of date, but I didn't expect dirty. The bathroom was dirty. I let the concierge know at 9pm when we got back to the hotel. I explained my children needed a shower and needed to get to bed. Called two more times. Finally someone showed up, sprayed a spray in the shower and said they'd be back 25 minutes later my children were begging to go to be
*No Refrigerator ( have to pay separately) *TV Channels don't work *Not enough blanket *Room service with attitude *No parking *Bugs/ cockroaches in the room *Humid Rug and Smelly *Do not expect what they advertise *No Big Mirror
The staff was friendly, the bed was comfortable. The only odd things were: there was no blanket on the bed and the phone in the room didn't work so I had to use my cell to call the hotel and ask for a blanket, which they delivered.
This hotel had exactly what we needed. A big comfortable bed to sleep in, a warm shower and AC. It was all we needed as we were not in our room very much during our 3 night stay. If you are looking for more amenities or an upscale hotel, this wont have it.
comfort
Its a shabby place and I wouldn’t recommend it
the quality of the hotel was not great, it was very far from the city too
Very nice staff. Very cool location. I love the Tapas and Sangria place that is close and the Gelato place across the street. It's an older hotel but the staff does their best.
This was the worst hotel I have ever been to the water smelled like eggs and the rooms were sonout dated they looked horrible and scary
I didn't have a king. Bed i had two queens bed service took a long time FRANCINE tried to get me a better room overall, quite satisfactory. I will come to this hotel again
This hotel is horrible. The staff is poorly trained and the rooms are not newly renovated like it was advertised. The carpet is very dirty and smelled like cigarettes. The pillows were dirty and the bath tub had horrible rust around it. Room was also very dusty. I ended up leaving a day early and finding another hotel because this one was so bad. Wouldn’t recommend anybody go there not even for the cheap price it’s still not worth it.
it was okay
The room was clean and comfortable. The location was great because it was a lot quieter on the upper west side.
I was very disappointed. I requested a King bed but received a full. My husband and I were very uncomfortable.
We had to ask to change rooms because the first room had no wifi. The new room was bigger and on a higher floor.
Very confortable
Location was great ! ...Room was tighter & smaller than expected .. They were friendly & accomadating.
It was a place to stay for a night....it was clean....old building but happy it was clean.
The location of the hotel
Very nice hotel
LOCATION You can get around New York on and off the Train(subway)
Convenient to subway. Room was clean and comfortable.
Clean /services
It's close to the west side highway.
Location, comfortable and clean room, good furniture , service .
Actually no stars, but this format requires at least one. This hotel was unsafe. I intend to request a refund from Groupon. Groupon should not carry this hotel period. During our stay we were woken up at 4 am by domestic violence in the next room, we had to call the police. It was a traumatic experience. This was not an isolated incident. When approached about safety issues management was rude.
I’m not usually one to complain but this was the worst hotel experience I’ve ever had. The rooms were nothing like advertised, and besides that it was disgusting. The pictures show it all. The pictures are from the hotel’s website and my personal pictures of my stay. It was so outdated, the shower curtain wouldn’t even close, and it was just dirty.
The room was horrible. The paint was peeling off from the nightstand. It looked like a hotel room from a third-world country. The TV was directly by the room entry. The window was open and it was stuck open, and consequently wasn't operating correctly. When I tried to make coffee and was looking for a napkin, I opened the wall cabinet door, and the door hit the fixture light in the ceiling and broke the glass. It fell and I cut my fingers. I left the room to the front desk, and it took 30 minutes for them to give me a bandaid. I want a refund for my money. I left there bleeding. I was lucky I was fully dressed, or I would've had much more injury. There is clearly no concern for safety here. The housekeeping manager was very nice, after 20 minutes she came to clean the blood and gave me a bandaid. No apology was given. I want a refund. I missed 2 days of work due to the finger injury. This issue with the fixtures and cabinets are in every room.
Do not go to this hotel. It is the worst experience we ever had. It is not renovated, and the rooms are nothing like the pictures. Our room had loose floorboards and gaps underneath the carpet, water from the previous guest or from house keeping was in the bathtub, it was a small room with peeling wallpaper. Pay the extra money and find a decent hotel, this is not it.
Disgusting hotel most of the day staff is rude and the housekeeping is incompetent.
Carpet was nasty dirty, hallways dark and scary, bathroom was dirty as well as the room carpet, will never go back nor recommended to anyone!
This is a low budget hotel that is used for prostitution and homeless people.
It sucked !!!’
Nice location
old bed and customer service could be better
Worst hotel experience ever. Rooms are not at all like the pictures. We were completely fooled. The beds sank when we sat on them, the phones didn’t work. I wanted to leave the instant we got in the room, but since it was pouring my husband insisted we just suck it up for one night. My kids did not sleep. The door did not seem like it was secure. It was so uncomfortable. Felt bad 4 taking my kids
Save yourself the time and find another hotel to stay at. This groupon was a complete bait and switch, claiming that it was "a newly renovated hotel," (yup...one or two top floors that the hotel management doesn't give you for the groupon). Instead, you receive a room that is decades old/outdated, disgusting and unsafe. Our room (807) had rust in the bathtub, enough stains on the carpet for them to be the carpet pattern, wall paper peeling from the walls, phones that didn't work, an electrical outlet HANGING OUT OF THE WALL with wires exposed, an old tube tv even though the groupon claimed that there were "flat screen tvs..." and the list goes on.
Will not stay there again!!
BEWARE...The first room was not a part of the hotel; it was located on the 5th floor, the hallway was smelly and the ‘non smokers’ room smelled like marijuana. The room wallpaper was ripping off the wall, there was no TV. It was a classic dump. After complaining I was later placed in a much nicer room (like the one seen in the advertised photo). The staff didn’t even seem to care.
This hotel was absolutely disgusting!!!
My husband and I stayed for one night and the first thing we noticed was how out dated our room was and it looked nothing like the pictures that I saw before booking the room. The room had a weird smell to it, the furniture was old and beat up, the blinds on the windows were broken and dirty, and the water heater was awful. We would not recommend this to anyone.
This hotel was disgusting!!!!!!!!!
Awful Groupon advertised it as being newly done room was definitely not. It was dirty the wall paper was falling off, there were stains everywhere the ac was leaking and the tv was not as advertised. Also it seemed like there was a fire in the room at some point.
So as a heads up check every review you can. Not just about this hotel ever hotel. The room was very small, stains on the chair, the door to the bathroom couldn't open all the way because of the toilet which by the way was not bolted down. There was a lot more other things but the hotel is trying..... Would never buy this Groupon again............... Ever
It was horrible experience. I could not stay wa as there for about 15 minutes.
While the gentleman at the front desk was as accommodating as he could be, the room was disgusting. You could smell marijuana and must in the hallway and the room was full of black mold. When we tried to get a new room, they said there were no other options. It was an overpriced disappointment.
Room was non smoking but both in thenrooom and in hallways smelled like smoke covered up with heavy airosole heavily scented spray
The hotel room is very dirty and disgusting. Carpet is stain look like never clean. Have a bad service roomboy and smell with marijuana on duty. ONLY ONE THING IS PERFECT CLOSE FOR BY TRIAN STATION JUST 3 MINS WALK BUT ALL EVERYTHING IS HORRIBLE NOT EVEN THINK TO GO TO THIS HOTEL.
Took a while to check in
It’s not the same as the pictures and they say no smoking but the room smells like someone smoked all night.
This was a horrible experience
Deplorable!
Rooms need an remodeling. Wear shoes carpet felt so dirty and moist. Staff was friendly and service was great.
Don't bother wasting your money at this hotel.
It was run down and dirty.
First off the hotel wasn’t newly renovated like the ad said it was dirty and filthy. The hotel looked like it was renovated in the early 90’s it even had a outdated tv like the ones from the 90’s. The chair was broken and didn’t even attempt to sit on it. We got a non smoking room but when we got in our room it smelled like stale cigarettes and a moldy old room. When we tried to take a shower there was no hot water around the hours of 12pm to 11am. But you can’t really expect a lot from a New York hotel. The only good thing about this place was the location was so close to the 1,2 and 3 train.
The hotel was not even close to what I expected super outdated, everything looked old nothing great about it. Two hundred dollars wasted.
Really dirty
I personally had a horrible experience, service was horrible, ice machine didn’t work had to buy our own ice. It’s an apartment hotel, you can smell people cooking fish in the hall ways. Dirty bed sheets
Room was musty and small. Hotel was overall dirty.
I don’t have anything good to say about this outdated hotel. The pictures they display on Groupon are completely inaccurate. I went down to request more towels and had some female who was either off work or an employee s friend try yelling at me. It was grimy and needs a lot of work. Not worth it at all, spend the extra money and get a nicer hotel.
The absolute WORST accommodations ever. Check in was slow and staff was unprofessional. The hallway to our room was so narrow, a very large person would NOT have fit through comfortably, if at all. The bed had a giant HOLE in the center! We each slept on the far ends of the mattress and still found ourselves sliding down into the center. Wall paper was peeling off the walls, everything was gross.
The room was really small . The bathtub was rusted, it smells in the hallway there was no refrigerator in the room
