The rooms are tiny and don’t come with any facilities. No fridge, no microwave. I was travelling with my one year old and she had no space to move around. After paying big bucks, I expected something better. Never staying at row again
Room was well maintained though small for couples. Noise seemed to penetrate the walls which can be a hindrance to some. Location is superb for the price. However, the only thing that made me unsatisfied with this hotel was the staffing during peak period (check-in times) it is absolutely ridiculous to have only two staff working during those times. Please do something about it.
Loving the exceptionally good location.
Prime location with lots of shops, eateries (Shake Shack across the street!) and musicals around the area. However, the hotel room is a little too small, and old so don't have too high expectations here. The street right in front of the hotel has really bad traffic almost every time of the day, probably because its located right next to Times Square but there are multiple subway stations conveniently located about a 5-10mins walk away so its still easy to travel around.
Hotel has a great location. Lots of restaurants nearby and walking distance to Penn Station. They can hold your luggage after you check-out until 10PM which is really greta if you have a late flight out of NY.
Very good location which is really close to Times Square and a lot of food options nearby. It's also close to Port Authority Bus terminal. Staff were good. Room is pretty good for NYC standards. Overall it is recommended.
We had a biz trip in New York state and a bonus holiday at the end. We just chose what seemed to be the best among the rest but the hotel exceeded our expectation. The room was not so big but just enough for two. The facility was just comfortable for a short stay.
Value for money, accessible to all places, souvenir shop areas, bar, broadway, time square etc. The staff are helpful. Fermin of the front desk extended an extra mile to my group in terms of booking additional rooms and parking slot.
The Stay was great, Visiting NYC and having a place in the heart of the city is essential to having a great trip. The Convience of ROW being close to the Port Authority so being able to travel to several Major Cities and all of new Jersey was excellent. Next to the Hotel there are several Bars that right there which are great tons of Happy Hours and the Famous Shake Shak is right around the corner. I highly Recommend staying here. The Room size was small but thats something that just has to be dealt with in NYC.
Definitely good value for money if you are looking for a super convenient location to stay in and spend most of your time outside during the day. The chic-looking lobby offers a great sense of space and modernity when you walk in, and the room interior is much nicer than many other hotels in town. Definitely would consider staying again next time.
They didnt give de correct information about a service and then I have to pay for it. It's not a reliable place
Only best thing is location, room was not vacuumed, air con/heater kept making sounds, no vents in the bathroom and it was cramped.. we stayed 1 night for NYE and paid 5x more the normal rate but service was subpar..
ELEVATOR TOO SMALL
The location is great but the rooms are so small so you dont get the value for your money.
No toiletries like toothbrush, no coffee and staff are unfriendly when inquiry.
Staff unfriendness and rude sometimes
Value for money. Excellent location. Metro across the road. Lot of great restaurants near by. Good security. Checks everyone going up in the elevators.
Enjoy my vacation time and I will go back to New York and will stay with Row..
wont recommend very dirty
if you book it they spam your email with 5 emails/day so annoying.
fabulous location - 1 block from famous times square, staff friendly and very helpful, great security.
The Row is located in an excellent place The only complaint is they let me order a double room for 4 adults. The pictures led me to believe that it would fit and once arrived the room was not big enough!
Booked 7 nights but checked in and checked out the next morning. This hotel should be closed down by the NYC deparment of health for unhygenic reasons. Had left over faeces stains on toilet bowl! Lots of hair and hair clips on carpet! (This hotel has never heard of a vacuum cleaner). We even found a BRA (this one takes the cake) on the carpet when we checked in! Yes! A bra from previous guest was on the floor in plain sight! Heater wasn't working and it was minus 6 Celsius outside. Took pictures and showed to front desk and they reluctuntly refunded me for the balance. Don't let the nice lobby downstairs fool you. This property IS NOT what you see in the pictures on the websites and I am not exaggerating here!
I made a reservation for 3 nights with deluxe city view rooms but when I checked in at late night they give me standard room- a tiny room with the view facing the neighborhood's wall, I realized when i get the room and called them immediately to change the right room but they said my room is sold out and apologized for the mistakes. That's terrible that they sold the room that i had paid, they give me back my room the next day but keep me waiting until 4pm to check in. The only thing that I voted for this hotel is the location, not their facilities nor the receptionists.
This is a fairly standard hotel near Times Square. The bed was comfortable, the room clean, and the bathroom worked. For a four-star hotel charging nearly $400 USD per night (my average over 3 nights), I take such things as standard. I guess what you are paying for has to be the location, because nothing else about the place impressed me. There was no assistance with my bags upon arriving at the hotel. The photos of the room have been taken with a wide lens camera to deliberately deceive, and for an average of nearly $400 USD per night, the room and the bathroom are very small. An early check in fee of nearly $70 applied, when the vast majority of hotels around the world offer this for free if the room is available. I was personally disgusted by that. Then the check-in clerk kept trying to upsell me on other upgrades which I had not asked for. When I looked down at her screen, I could see why - there were clear amounts of commission to be paid to her for each upgrade she could sell me. Overall, the place is pleasant enough and I think it was the outlandish price tag that left the bitter taste in my mouth. This seems to be standard in New York, and is probably the reason that Airbnb and alternative forms of accommodation are thriving.
First of all, if you'd like to have a big cockroach in your shower, and also one in the hotel lobby, then this might be the hotel for you. Not for me! This is the only hotel that I have booked through Agoda that used my email and tried to up-sell me before arrival. But I did fill out the pre-check in email the day before my arrival, but that did not help one bit. The check-in took over two hours because their system was down. It was 11pm when I arrived, and I got to my dirty room at 2.20am. And while in the line, the hotel manager told the tired and grumpy waiting customers that he can't guarantee that we would all have a room because they don't know which rooms are vacant without the computer system (which means, in the case of a fire, they don't know who's in which room!) The manager invited us to look for another property (and that was mid night) and said they won't charge us for the night (wow!), but also would not pay for the other hotel. It's totally unacceptable that the hotel isn't taking any loss for the failure of their own system. Here is a list of things, other than the check-in saga, that is worthy of knowing: 1) The digital clock is not set to the correct time 2) There were pieces of trash in the room when I got in 3) The safe was locked when I got in and so I couldn't use it 4) The drawers by the bedside table, both sides, wouldn't close; so it's a trap in the middle of the night 5) WIFI does not work for a full day - their system is down again! 6) No cleaning/ room service in the first day I stayed there 7) Hidden "Facilities Charges" of US $89 for three nights!! 8) Shower curtain is way too short, so it's easy to flood the whole bathroom after shower 9) Big cockroach in the shower and also in the lobby In a nutshell, it's the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, in every way.
New York is exorbitantly expensive and simply put the ROW NYC is the best value 4 star hotel in a central location. For its location it is excellent, anywhere else in the world you would be disappointed. Rooms are clean and fairly spacious, biggest con is no coffee making facilities.
Good location very near to the Time Square. But the room is small and no refrigerator. Hotel is very busy all the time so take much time to check -in and check out. They charged us resort fees which we did not know what is it.
Just be prepared the rooms are small other than that no complaints the staff was very friendly and helpful. Plus the hotel location is GREAT right in the middle of Times Square everything is in waking distance!!!
Night time security questionable and certainly not friendly, sometimes bordering on rude. Front office mgr didn't deal well with this issue Excellent location in times square and rooms were comfortable and clean.
Located just beside majestice theatre and time square with a subway station just 2 min walk from the hotel entrance. However, Room is small and carpet has a stench. Overall checking in and out is smooth and staff are friendly. Theres a 24 hrs gift shop below if u need any snacks or drinks
Water points are located at each level, needs to walk out to filled up water with the water bottle provided. Check in staff was rather rude, kept yawning when we tried asking her questions. The location is excellent. Very near to major shopping places and not forgetting Broadway
My stay was good. The location was great, as I had a couple of shows booked and one of the theatre's was a 2 min walk across the road. I didnt book breakfast at the hotel as there are plenty of places to eat, just behind is a place called Juniors, its reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere. The only thing I complained about was the bathroom, the water was leak from the shower onto floor and toilet seat was broken. If your slightly on the large side, I wouldnt recommend it as the toilet gap between the wall and bath tub is very narrow. Also I was on the 8th floor and still could hear taffic and people late at night. The hotel did however waive the facilities charge from my bill. They have a luggage storage area, which is great as I had a late eve flight, there is no charge but a tip is appreciated. I would recommend this hotel for a short weekend break and for people who love the theatre.
I stayed at the Row NYC with my best friend. We wanted to see the city at Christmastime. The Row is convenient to everything. We were able to walk to Radiocity to see the Rocketts and go to the stores along 5th Avenue. The hotel's decor is modern and fun. The elevators were a bit confusing but okay once you got used to them. The room was smaller that I'm used to but comfortable and we had a view of the city. The bathroom was entirely too small. There wasn't any counter space to put anything. Women NEED counter space. The only other note is that the housekeeping staff cleans the bathrooms with the door open. So they don't notice that the light switch cover and back of the bathroom door are dirty. The rest of the room was pristine. Overall, the staff, from bellman, to desk staff, to housekeeping staff, to security were all polite and friendly and made our stay a very positive experience. I would recommend the Row NYC to friends and return myself.
Location was great, right next to major broadway theaters and only two blocks from time square. The staff members were friendly and helpful. Hotel was very busy. However, the only issue was that the towels were not cleaned properly, and stains were found. I had hotel staff dealing with the issue, however, the new towel set had the same problem. The bridge of the shower horse was broken, and shower curtain popper was falling off; all these drama happened when I arrived at 2am so was bit tired and impatient to face problems. Although it was good value for the hotel price I paid, still feeling very uncomfortable about the housekeeping standard.
we stayed for two nights, the first night wasnt that good, our room was 80° and the ac wasn't working. called three times to get it fixed and no one showed till next day after complaining again, other than that the room was great and comfy, and the location was great. the kitchen also was very cool with great food.
Didn't start off so well as we waited one hour to check in. When we did check in the girl we were dealing with was very good helpful and welcoming. After that everything was very good. Room was very clean with all the usual amenities. Room cleaned very well every day. Loved the lifts were you were designated a lift corresponding to the floor you were getting off at. Of course the hotels location is second to none on the doorstep of Times Square and Broadway. I'll be back no question about it.
Our stay in the Row NYC was good, though outside it was really cold, our hotel was comfortable. There are still traces of the hotel showing its age, however with the reworked interiors all felt comfortable and nice. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
their check out system was not professional as we received our receipt from under the door and they have deducted $65 a facility fee and the hotel was fully paid in which and after negotiations was taken by mistake and the hotel management was passive about it and said that it was agooda's mistake
Great location, in the heart of Manhattan. Room we got was nice, on 28th floor. The hotel has a hip, stylish vibe to it. Great for young travelers. Only downside was the facility charges of $21++ at check out which I did not expect. It's not much but it's a surprise cause it's on top of whatever I've paid at check in, and they told me nothing about it earlier.
The hotel is nice the location is amazing the only bad thing I have to say is the fire alarms went off for two hours between 11:00 and 1:00 am which is nobody's fault complicated systems have problems from time to time, buy nobody an effort to explain what was going on.
location was perferct 10 steps to train and in the center of broadwaya, lots of shopping and restaurant , prob is the wifi and the staff not so friendly m had prob with the room first dayI arrived they gaved me the smallest room ever travdled 18 hrs was dissapointed and I asked to changed first they dont want they gave us hard time but then changed it as didnt accept, they gave new and bigger room next day and complimentary wifi for the rest of my stay 1 week!
The stay was good. The rooms are small as can be expected in Manhattan. We traveled with our baby and still had enough room for the stroller and baby gear though. I liked the modern decor. The room was clean but the cleaning staff needs to pay attention to details. The light switches were grimy and there was dust and debris between the bed and dresser. Check I was slow and I jokingly commented about it. The agent offered us free drink coupons for the long wait. I wasn't expecting that and greatly appreciated it. I will stay here again.
Its our first time to new york and we were very surprised by the proximity of the hotel to all the places we wanted to visit. Staff were friendly and the decor of the hotel was modern and hip. The downside of the hotel was that there was noise emitting from all sides. The traffic outside the hotel was very busy, although I guess it's the nature of the location. There were quite a number of drunks and rowdy people when you step out. So have to be a little careful. Overall, I would rate it above average.
Our stay at Row NYC was excellent and thoroughly enjoyed. Location is great and close to many of the main attractions. Room was clean and good value for money. Staff were friendly and helpful. Great night ambience at the bar and live music. Was quite a busy hotel. Wifi was easy to connect to and had good ongoing connection.
there were 7 of us and no complaints that says something on its own. staff were great,friendly approachable,and helpful.the hotel was busy!!!!! The only downfall was the price of drinks in the bar,pricey even for nyc standards,but not a problem as there are tons of drinking holes in walking distance. Cannot ask for a better location minutes from the theatre district times square No problem leaving baggage for early checkin or holding for a couple of hours while you visit the sites. All in all a great stay in NYC
The rooms are small, but that is typical for a downtown NYC hotel. It was easy to find and a short walk away from Times Square. The beds were very soft and comfortable. I would absolutely stay here again.
This is a hip hotel at the very central location, just behind Times Square, 5 minutes to subways, Penn Station. It gives a very young vibe with cool and contemporary design. Room size as expected like other Manhattan hotels, is compact but is reasonably designed. Staff from bell desk to front desk were very friendly and pleasant. We were greeted by their bright smiles which cheered us up after a long flight. Amenities include restaurant, lounge with live music and there were Mac desktops for guests' use next to front desk too. The only thing that could be improved is replacing smaller air conditioners that take up less space in the room and are quieter. Overall, it was a good stay and suitable with first time travelers to New York who want to be in the most happening area of the city.
Aside from the totally inattentive customer service - no one ever answered the phone when we attempted to call guest services, either from our hotel room, or from home, prior to our stay - the hotel was comfortable, reasonably priced, and in a great location. They are striving for a party atmosphere, and it is definitely the hotel that never sleeps in the city that never sleeps - we were awakened all through the night from partygoers arriving home in the wee hours and then early risers trying to make their early morning flights out. Bring earplugs.
The hotel is centrally located in thearter district, 5 mn walk to times square. The price is relatively low compare to other hotel around times square.the sound proofing of the hotel is quite bad. I always hear the sound of the elevator when i sleep in the room. Also, the security of the room makes me worry. There is always someone try to open my room, esp in the morning time.
Perfect. The location to Times Square and the subway is perfect. The staff was friendly. Rooms are not big but I did not expect big. Great price. The window in the room opens which is important to me as I like the fresh air.
The Row Hotel has a great location in NY. Is located in the Time Square where there are many tourist attractions, restaurants, shops etc. It is about 15 minutes walk from Macy's. The end point of the bus to go to the Outlet Jerseys Garden is a 5 minute walk. Metro station is practically on the doorstep of the Hotel. It is near the main sights, including the stop point of the tour bus on 2 levels and short excursions to nearby cities such as Washington. It offers free Wi-FI in the room for 1 guest and free WI-FI in the hall, including printing documents free! Not paid for breakfast at the hotel because the options are not lacking in the region. The hotel staff is very good, especially the official Marcelo Del Col who is Brazilian and meets people with very professional guides and takes questions from the guests making it much easier to stay.
Location is fantastic, and we had no problems at all with the staff. Our biggest problem was the $179 facilities charge that also includes city tax that we paid when booking, Facilities are WiFi, Gym, unlimited international calls but free unlimited calls through WhatsApp/ Viber etc, the receiver on our room did not work. We saw lots of complaints about how small the rooms so we upgraded to a Superior thinking it would be a good size but was very small. Room was clean but needs a deep clean.,The cleaners were lovely and we had a nice view. Would not stay at NYC Row again.
Since the moment we arrived it was a hassle. They couldn’t find us a room despite booking and paying months in advance. So we were placed in one of the ‘noisiest rooms’ with the promise of a new room the following morning. When we went down to organise our new room no one knew what was going on. When we finally sorted that out and got our new room there was dust behind the door and under the desk where we also found an old apple and an old plastic lid. Who knows how long they had been there.
The location of hotel is awesome, not far from the time square and metro stations. The only bad thing is smelling super weird in the room. tried to ask housekeeper and receptionist in lobby for help, but no one can solve the problem and just sprayed and changed the air for solution. I couldn’t sleep for two nights.
The hotel was situated in a great location right beside the theaters. The rooms were small but for the holiday traveler it was just right. And the price was nice too so I have no complains.
Comfortable small room, good staff & perfect location
It was nice and comfortable
Good location, friendly staff and comfortable room. Nice experience staying at this hotel, even the room quite small
affordable, good location, room is okay
overall stay is okay
Location, Room Condition, Friendly
It was a good experience and we are looking to stay here again in future
The room was comfortable. Location can
i like this hotel because great location.
Just behind Times Square, definitely good location and excellent value for money. All toursit attractions just minutes away via walking. Definitely a must stay for budget travellers.
My wife with my child and my in laws family was there and after check in they got stuck in lift for 15-20 minutes. Though they discounted $70 as a facility charge but Its horrible stuck in lift as hotel in Manhattan at times Square should not expected. Lack of cleanses also staff are not supportive as my family informed. And moreover from Agoda I choose pay at property option (obviously for this option I have to pay more) but they are charge my credit card for one night earlier than check in as they informed for high demand they are just confirming my room. ( I used my credit card for book the room).
Room had a mouldy sewage stench, air con compressor was so loud, Toilet was tiny. I am glad Row NYC hotel got fully booked out and I could stay a night before moving to another hotel. I shifted to Hilton Garden Inn Central Park the next day, it was way better. Spacious, clean, bright room and toilet. Only perk of Row is its location right smack in Times Square. But honestly you won’t need to stay in Times Square. Nyc is so convenient and everywhere is just a subway away or even by foot.
Staff is dramatically unprofessional and rude. Each 5 seconds they ask for tips even they failed what they were supposed to do. They had a huge line (none of self-checkin devices were working) but none of them cared to hurry or open more check-in desks. The room is not like on photos. The photos they uploaded for standard room are actually belong to the "corner-room", so they mislead you from the very beginning. Really hate this place!!!
The main thing I liked about the place is the location since the hotel is near Port Authority, although it’s kinda expensive. Just wanted to say that I still have an issue with my refund since they asked me to pay $100 cash on top of my cc charge. They said they will deduct $60ish from the $100 as payment for Facilities, Wifi included, and will give me back the remaining amount. It’s been more than 2 weeks and I haven’t received any. They’re not even replying to my messages here.
The hotel is a mass hotel, large numbers of people coming in and out at all times. The staff are absolutely rude and have no manners starting with check in counters, concierge, coming down to the house keeping who yell at each other from the break of dawn. the nice looking, hip, modern lobby masks the uncleanliness of the hotel, AC is crap, walls are thin, carpets are dirty. What really stands out is the rude unhelpful staff.
My wife, me and a friend stayed here for 3 days (2 rooms) and the rooms they gave us rm631 and rm633 were right next to the elevator. We didnt get any sleep in the first night because we could hear the elevator cables go up and down the building all night. It was a horrible experience. I suggest you go to another hotel, there are plenty more that are within jsame budget that are close to times square! I tried to change room but they did not help me until the next day at noon, we had to come back at the hotel mid day to switch rooms. Our NY tour schedule was ruined because of this hotel.
The reception is so slow, and they charge me deposit without informing me in previous. After check out, it's been 5 days and I haven't received my 100USD deposit. Besides, the room is really shabby, they even don't have sippers! And the sheet and pillows were stingy The employee had bad attitude. My friend and I ordered Uber previously while we are about to leave the hotel. And the doorman just stood by us and said we are bad customers cuz we don't let them call a taxi (aka: don't let them make money and tips) The only good thing of this hotel is its location. really awful service and equipment.
The only good thing about this hotel is its location -just a few blocks away from Times Square. It is also connected to Sugar Factory and City Kitchen. But other than that, this hotel is a total disappointment. The room we booked was not so clean - carpet was really filthy and the hallways smelled like cumin. The worst part was the attitude of its staff particularly the bell boys. We had six huge and heavy luggages with us, and since our flight was at 11pm, we asked them to store the luggages first for us. The bell boy made sure we felt his dismay towards our luggages. We felt discriminated because some Caucasian looking tourists also asked to store their heavy luggages but their treatment was very different. We gave this hotel a chance despite its negative reviews, and we should have been warned. So to those looking for a hotel near Times Square, please do not consider ROW NYC.
I've stayed in better hotels in NYC in terms of room and staff experience but this was convenient given our short stay in NYC. The staff were quite rude and had an attitude whenever we had a question - my friend had quite a difficult experience trying to locate a dropped off package but overall the hotel was fine. I'd recommend if you have a short visit and need something convenient.
The Row is nice in the lobby and that's where it ends. The room is not like the pictures AT ALL very disappointing. The toilet leaked all night long and the towels had hairs all over them it was disgusting.
Loved the location but the staff was not that attentive and friendly. Staff were not consistent with instructions and would sometimes have a harsh tone. Had a package that arrived and was not notified. When i called, i kept being transferred and given vague answers until the day i left
It would be great to offer double beds when we booked a room for 2 persons or a king size bed would fit. The front desk did not attempt to find me a double room when I asked. The room should provide a refrigerator as well.
Hotel was just opposite to the city's famous burger restaurant and the world's famous cheesecake was just at the back of hotel! Timesquare was just round the corner and Radio City is just nearby too! Highly recommended.
The location of the hotel was superb and the lobby looks great. However room floor was dirty i dont think it has ever been vacuumed, the bathtubhad some sluggy stuff at the side. Overall dont feel room was clean. It would have been better if bottles water was provided as well.
The front desk is always packed with customers, almost impossible to talk with them. Extremely disappointing the hidden fees and taxes that are added to you`re bill when you arrive. Me and my girlfriend where travelling with a friend as well. We got put in the smallest room ever and he was upgraded to a double room. He offered us the room but we declined. We expect the staff to use common sense when choosing rooms for their guests. Putting a couple in a small room and a single guest in a large room just doesn't make sense.....
This hotel is right really close to Broadway and Times Square. The cost is less than hotels nearby mainly because this is a micro hotel. Don't expect much from the room or from the staff. The hotel is so horrendously busy it's ridiculous. But it's in a pretty good spot in Midtown for the tourist sort.
Couldn't beat the price for location if you're heading to times square and the theaters. Room was clean and beds soft but comfortable. On the down side the room is small and even on the 14th floor there was a lot of street noise. But then again we paid nearly 100 dollars less than other hotels in the area.
I was so surprised and disappointed at the poor service when I checked in at the front desk. The hotel front desk over sold their rooms, never said any sorry to me, but excused that I should have called in to inform them about the late check in, however, actually I prepaid all the money when booking on Adoga and put a special requirement note in the booking form for late check in. The attitude of the lady who worked at the front desk was extremely terrible, she kept me waiting long time without any appology or explanation. She made me feel she was reluctant to serve me. When I told her I was so tired after a long journey around 4 am and I hoped she could quickly work out a back up room and quickly went through check in, what surprising me was her reply that she also felt tired working at that time...But this is her job... The hotel didn't compensate any for their sold out fault. The lady unpolitely asked me to checked out at normal time to change room, and according to her that although the hotel manager who just promised me a flexible time to change room which she doesn't think represent her, otherwise I will had no room...I will never live in this hotel with such a terrible service again.
The hotel too noise (because of the Bar and small room) and the staff is not friendly. Wifi connection poor. The food court provide cold food. and also they have alot of hidden cost such as State Tax, City Tax, Occupancy Tax, javits tax, facilities fee, sales tax, package handling tax that is not state in front.
They charged a resort fee that was unnecessary it included nothing but wifi so had to pay almost $30 for wifi ? I got the queen room with the city view, well just saw the back of buildings. Didn't enjoy my stay
Awful.. from the very start.our booking was messed up. yet the rude and unsympathetic night staff seemed to think it was our fault. we were never informed of this fault even though we booked in March and even though we contacted the hotel 36 hours before our arrival.the room we were given did not match the image of the room advertised on the website.it also had a plate of rotten fruit with a card wishing happy birthday. For 4 nights we had cold water from our shower even though I complained twice.. eventually they sent an engineer to change the shower head, which done nothing. We eventually contacted the manager who in fairness, tried to amend our stay. But I was way too late in the day for that and the damage had already been done. This was our honeymoon and my first time in NYC.we were really looking forward to this trip and the facilities,staff and hotel managed to leave a crap conclusion to our dream holiday.congrats....
Location is key in New York and you can't get much better than this. Walk down the street a couple of minutes and your in the heart of time square and Broadway. Across the the road are some nice bars/ eateries and shake shack(great burgers)! Or walk 2 blocks either way and you have the metro stations which will take you up and downtown. The location is certainly the hotels best feature as everything else is comparable with a middle of the road 3star hotel. The lobby & bar area is modern and clean it is a shame that the cleanliness didn't continue into the room. The room was very dusty and the floor needed a good Hoover. Despite the dust issue the room was a very nice size and had all the things you now expect in what is meant to be a 4star hotel. Free wifi and use of telephone (including international calls), iron, hair dryer etc. if clean it would have been perfect. USA is known for exceptional hospitality and the staff at the row seemed to have missed this. With exception to one lady on reception in the evening the rest of the staff where pretty miserable and at times unwelcoming. To some up for the price I don't think I would stay there again because this is a 3star hotel charging 4star prices. The location is great though.
Utterly disappointing for the price I paid. I dont expect a 5 stars service and I am not the kind to be unrealistic but if you are going to claim yourself to be a 4 stars, I kind of expect at least clean towels. The room and service I received almost feels like I am backpacking. The room was so dusty that my nose was completely blocked while I was inside the room. My bed had hairs that were not mine on it. And the worst part was a stain on a white towel in my room (So disgusting) Most of the staff i I encountered with were very rude, I saw one staff at the reception scolded one of the girl who doesnt really speak much english instead of trying to assist them because at the very least they are the guest of the hotel? In addition, one of staff almost shouted at me for asking for slippers in the room. The only reason I called to ask again is only because they told me they would send them up 3 hours prior to me making another request. Is it necessary to raise their voice at someone? The aforementioned are just some examples. Do I really consider this a 4 stars hotel? I say they are a bit delusional to think they are 4 stars.
The Row NYC Hotel is located in the perfect location, smack along 8th Avenue, between 44th & 45th St. It is 1 block away (less than 5 minutes walk) from Times Square, Hard Rock NY and a 10-15 minute walk from Rockefeller Centre & Grand Central Terminal. You really couldn't ask for more! The theater district is all around you and we only had to round the corner to get back to the hotel after watching Chicago, the musical at the Ambassador Theatre. This busy hotel is on the edge of Hell's Kitchen which is known for affordable food. We had no problems finding food to curb our cravings. From Shake Shack to cafes to asian restaurants, you have it all within walking distance. Even the Greyline office and stop for the Hop-on Hop-off bus is less than a 10-minute walk away. This busy hotel is busy for good reason. While the toilets could be bigger and more spacious, the rooms are modern and not too crammed, by NYC standards.I love the location of this hotel and the price for it being in Times Square. The room is the perfect size for 2 people. But the housekeeping services need improvements. Every night we have to redo the fitted sheets on our bed because it was never put on, just laid on under the covers. The sheets also smelled of stale laundry which makes me question how clean are the bed sheets? The fresh clean towels in the bathroom were not so clean. Some of them were stained with disgust and some often the towels are dirty on color instead of white. I'm guessing for the price you pay for this Times Square located hotel, you get what you pay for. But definitely NOT a 4 star hotel. This is more like a 2 star hotel.
OK! Rooms extremely small but clean. We had two large suitcases and found no space to keep them open. Staff not that friendly, just doing a job. Very good location if you want to be in the swing of things and theatre area. Quiet it isn't.
It was not a very good stay. The room was not cleaned. The unwanted shopping bags were still lying around till the day I left. Tissue papers were not given. My friends who were staying at level 5 have tissue papers in their room. Is there a double standard in the hotel? I have to ask for the paper cups which were given in my friends' room. The room was not well ventilated. On top of that, we have to pay a facility fee of US $27 per day per room. This is ridiculous as it is not stated in the website. We are not prepared for that.
We arrived at 1.30am and there seemed to be a full blown party going on in the bar, which concerned us, but that noise was not a problem for us in our room. We had an interconnecting door with our adjacent room which appeared to allow more room noise to be apparent. But on the whole, the hotel is well placed with lots of adjacent bars and restaurants and pretty close to Times Square. Subway access is on the corner of the block. The place was clean with the room well serviced and looked after. All the staff were great. On balance a really good stay but I would debate the 4* status. That said I would go back.
after first night of my stay at a shared twin, i found insects bites allover my arms and back! i consulted the doctor and those were caused by bed bugs! i also feel that the room was not so clean in general. wifi was very weak in the room even though they charged me at a per room and per day basis. it's close to times square and theatre district but it's on a very noisy, chaotic and crowded part on the 8th avenue.
We had a good time staying at Row NYC. First impressions were not good as the hotel appeared very dark and gloomy. The bedroom, however, was bright and cheerful and the beds were fantastic. Paint on woodwork was really badly done, especially on the bathroom doorframe. Not a big thing but I thought it gave a bad impression. Housekeeping was good... Very efficient. I was very disappointed in the restaurant. Choice was extremely limited. I would have loved something other than pizza on the one evening we ate there. However, given the location, I would probably choose to stay again. Hopefully when the weather is better and we feel more like venturing further in search of restaurants.
We celebrated my daughter's 16th birthday in NYC and stayed at the Row NYC. Staff were fantastic and sent her up a card and plate of fruit. We loved the pizza at District M. Best part was the location! One block from Times Square, close to the theatres, restaurant row, Rockefeller Centre and much more. Our room was perfect for the two of us with not a bad view. Would definitely stay here again. Thanks for the great memories.
charged a facilities fee of $20+ per day for services that were not needed or requested and was a complete surprise. Its a bait and switch tactic and simply an extra way for the hotel to charge more. We were told it would be credited but has yet to be done.Watch out for the 20$ per night service fees that no one talks about! As usual, hotels give you your receipt only the night of your last day... How can they charge us without telling us, and when you buy from agoda, we pay for taxes and fees... Service? I had to call the operator 3 times and never got an answer for toilet paper! There was only half a roll in my room the first day, the next day after doing the room, they did not even refill it! Had to go in the employee section get some myself! The guys brought the laugages to our room, and thank him with 5$ (not sure if its good or not) but he didnt show any apreciation neither thank you! I told him whats wrong and he hush me! I told him not to take it if hes not happy, he gave it back!!! Im not difficult, but did not appreciate my stay!
Although it is very conveniently located, the rooms were too expensive for the size and comfort level due to the holiday season. Also, it is pretty noisy throughout the night due to its location. Would recommend for tourists who want to enjoy the heart of Manhattan but not for business travelers who need good sleep at night.
Extremely ride staff, very small room, bath tool is one meter by meter, when shower all the water on the floor. It's a fancy reception and look from outside and 2 stars level of room. Compared to the price I will be stupid to station such a hotel.
I say location vs comfort as this is the hotel to stay at if you don't need to spend much time in your room. Rooms are tiny and the bathroom, with leaking shower wasn't great. Not sure I could stretch the rating to 4* given the bathroom. Late checkout was appreciated. Location is it's greatest asset, literally a moment from anywhere in midtown.
The hotel is presentable and the staff were overall friendly. It has a nightclub feel to it which I was least expecting. The location is perfect if you are looking to spend most of your time around Times Square
Good except that there was someone smoking on our floor. They did however send somebodY to check the rooms. Also we were billed $20 when we checked out and we were not advised when we checked in what it was for. We complained about it and they eventually didn't charge us.
It was a very disappointing stay as I expected more for the price I paid. During my check-in, the lady was very rude and unfriendly. She did not really explain the basic information that hotels should inform the guest. (Eg. If breakfast was included or the checkout time). The room was also too small and we barely had room to walk around as the luggage was in the way. Btw I paid about USD300 per night. That was way below what I expected. The day before we check out, there was some maintenance work going on and the water was brown. Like brown brown!! We called to inform the front desk about the situation a couple of times and all they did was to push us to speak to someone else who also doesn't want to take responsibility or they would simple just tell us to wait. We need to check out at 12pm and at 11.30am the water was still brown. So the only option for us it to shower with whatever we have. Lastly, I personally dislike the way their bellman work as they will pass u around the co-worker for different services such as calling for a cab or. Carrying your bag from the taxi to the lobby then another bellman will carry it to the room. And u have to tip every single one of the bellman. If you don't they will try to stress on tipping. **They are friendly only if you tip! ** SI think the hotel have to do something about that. I feel that I have been cheated. I learned my lesson and I will not recommend this hotel to anyone, unless you have to sleep on the streets.
This hotel has the best location. Everything is in walking distant. The rooms are too small and dark. The bed was smaller than stated. There is no coffee maker in the room (not a deal breaker).If you don't like small places this isn't for you.
Overall we enjoyed our stay of 5 nights in the Row NYC Hotel. This hotel was within walking distance to Times Square and Broadway was just conveniently located at the same street as this hotel. And we thoroughly enjoyed that Shake Shack was just across the hotel! It's walking distance to the Port Authority too where you could take buses to bring you ard NYC and also the subway was close by. Be sure to ask the concierge for maps or ask them how to get around as they are super helpful and you could even buy the NY pass from them directly. The hotel has a few computer terminals and a printer too for your convenience. The only downside of this hotel is the room space, it was def too small for my husband and I with our 2 big luggage. The room also do not have any fridge but ice vending machine are available at every other floors. I would definitely recommend this hotel for first timers to the Big Apple!
advantages 1. located near times square (but i rather live further from times square than stay in this horrible hotel) disadvantage 1. rooms were dirty, toilets and bed had stains. there was once we came back and the toilet had yellow drops on it. extremely gross 2. aircon is noisy. it was so noisy, even after wearing earplugs, i could still hear it and it affected all our sleep every night. even when we made a complaint, they didn't do anything about it. 3. the staff were extremely rude. the receptionist actually threw the map at me. even those helping with the luggage were rude. not worth the money at all. i have to possibly say that this is one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed in. this hotel totally ruined my experience there.
It was great! My room was always very clean. It was small but expected being in time square. I will make one suggestion- Is it necessary to have an employee at the elevators asking for our room key? If it is please have the employee first greet us rather than a simple "I need to see your room key." It makes guests feel like they do not belong nor does the employee ever remember seeing me. I was there for two weeks and would walk by him 3x a day. At that point it is more valuable to invest in a key enabled elevator. Having an employee constantly asking me to show my room key takes away from customer service rather than providing. Also, the bar took about 30 mins to grab my boyfriend's vodka soda. Rachel at the front desk is very rude. Cleaning service is awesome. The maids were so sweet. Hotel is designed nicely and the amenities are great! I love the Mac spot and the gym.
I think the hotel is pretty new. We stayed there in June 2014 for 9 nights. Reason for choosing this hotel is the location and competitive rates. Std room size is actually pretty small. Should u have 2 big luggages, u will have to be slightly creative in how u wanna keep them in the room...LOL. Our room was not facing the main street and it was above 25th floor, hence it was surprisingly quiet contributing to good sleep for the entire stay. The lift can get slightly congested during late night when everyone gets back after the theatre and everyone is trying to get to their floors. There's a shake shack burger plc just diagonally opposite :) And transportation is a bliss as it's just a stone throw away from Port Authority station. Plenty of food and theatre nearby. Free WIFI in room but that's only limited to one device. Overall, a great stay but it doesn't come cheap :)
I loved my stay at Row NYC Hotel. The room we stayed in was so chic! I loved it! It was so close to the subway station and times square. You pretty much can go anywhere in the city by just taking the subway. I will definitely stay here again next time! :)
Everything was going fine with the very small room until the cleaning personel used my toothbrush to clean with on sunday of our trip. We did not leave until wednesday. The management acted like it was my fault they used my toothbrush. Then they only wanted to refund me 1 one day of my stay even though I had a sore thoat the next day. The management was very uncaring and didn't want to help. If it would have happened to my customer I would have gone to their room and checked it out right then and appologized. They did not. I did not sleep that night because I was affraid of what I could contract from them using my toothbrush to clean with.
The hotel was centrally located and just 5mins walk to Times Square. However, the room are so small and it was very noisy! The room allocated to us are just beside the lift and we could hear everyone who talked or laughed at the lift lobby and that disturbed our sleeps. Staffs are not very friendly. There are better hotels along the Ave 8 which have better environment and staffs.
it was good, we arrived at 1pm, our room was not ready, we were upgraded from a queen to a king and given one complimentary drink coupon for the bar. They stored our bags for us until a room was ready which is standard. Staff was kind and approachable.
Though I expected the room in NYC will be small but the room's so small that I couldn't even open the bathroom door all the way because it would hit the bed. the room looks new with cheap renovation but the AC's filled with dust that looks like it has never been cleaned for ages. Of course no ice box. the bed was comfortable. we couldn't handle to stay longer than 1 night though the hotel looks new and location was great.
I took my 16 year old daughter to NYC for her big birthday- we were so excited and looking forward to a great hotel experience. I was extremely disappointed- the reviews were so much better than the experience.
Hotel in great location, high tech lobby and decoration are nice. Every service is extra charge, parking fee is one time in and out only. Room is small and hot. No signs of where to get ice, vending machine, staff was helpful.
There are hideen charges which were not posted on agoda such as resort/facilities fee
AmaZing , gr8 location
They overbooked and said that my room was sold to someone else ...i was then sent to another hotel for the night but was in an awful state.
location is good. facilities not much. room is small. if you go for business, this hotel is good for location, near subway. if you travelling with family, the hotel room is small.
Good location hotel but a bit lack of service espicially the staff was not helpful at all
looks good in the lobby, but average in the room. there is no water boiler and coffee machine in the room.
not a good choice if you have privacy concern
Great Location, nice hotel!
small room and very small bed,comfortably fit 2 small people but perfect location.
The hotel is clean but the services have to be improved
Very busy hotel but no reason for staff to be so rude!
Location was perfect, rooms were clean but the room facilities were very basic
The standard room to small for 2 people. No space to repack and open my luggage beg. Staff of the hotel very nice to us. I recommended for the traveler to stay at this hotel.
Unbeatable location. Modern. Maybe too hip.
The location is good, but good luck to sleep from the noise. House keeping are honest and good, but bellboys are super rude, never help, and goodluck and goodluck to find them.
It was a bit expensive comparing to their services, but was not bad. but next year def. i will not book their.
