Customer Service at the hotel was excellent and the rooms are nice and clean.
Great price
very comfortable
It was my wedding night, the pillows could have been better
The bed was very comfortable
Nice hotel
Amazing! So amazing, everything about this place was amazing. The only thing I would change is more than one computer in the office area
Comfortable
Pay for something which no room available
Cozy and clean
It was a nice stay! We stayed here for a wedding and it was super convenient. Definitely would stay here again.
So much space and comfort!
It was great but the only thing it took forever because of the groupon deal. Also we didn’t get a king size bed but a queen with handicap access. Besides that the room was super clean and shower amazing
Nice place
Strange set up. Bathroom is open to bedroom with colored glass,sliding doors that do not fully close. Very noisy, floors are open to lobby, bed creaked loudly with even slight movement. Excessive air freshener /spray everywhere.

I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is beautiful the beds are comfortable it's clean no bed bugs... Believe me I've checked. Definitely would stay again.
Close to everything!! be prepared for crazy traffic into the city by car.
When we got there I had to change my room because of the type of bathroom that I wanted.. the staff was very nice and welcoming.. they did their due diligence to accommodate me .. I love the place
The staff was very nice. The room was very nice and this hotel offered free continental breakfast. They also have a lounge area in the hotel where you can eat and listen to music.
I was in a king, not a double bed. Hotels ambiance was very nice.
Great place with great customer service!!
Nothing
King sizw
Peace and Q
Service and the neatness of the place.
Cleanliness
Clean and elegant place. Breakfast was great, plenty of choices!! The bed was a little stiff but still okay to sleep in. Rooms aren't spacious & I wish they have fridge and microwave. Staff were really nice and helpful. I forgot my travel bag for toiletries and they were kind enough to mail it. It's quite a ways to Times Square and other tourist spots but it's in a nice neighborhood!
The Royal Regency was gorgeous! The modern style of decoration and use of color was executed perfectly--just wish they would have saved some of their budget to add some layers of drywall! The walls/doors to the room are paper thin and we could CLEARLY hear our neighbors' conversations and more (awkward!)--so I can only assume they could hear us as well. That's our only criticism but it was a huge factor because we were woke up several times during the night because we could hear everything on either side of us. The room was gorgeous and comfortable, the modern style of that bathroom was a little weird but we enjoyed it--not for someone who is at all shy about their bathroom habits because it doesn't offer a lot of privacy with the sliding doors/walls. The staff were MORE than accommodating and friendly. The breakfast spread was phenomenal and the dining area also gorgeous. There's a pitcher of lemon water, a computer, and flat screen available for use to anyone. The location is also really nice because it's far enough outside the city to avoid horrible traffic but close enough to get to places within a 30 minute drive. If they updated their insulation/made the walls thicker I would definitely be back, but since I'm a rather light sleeper I wouldn't be able to stay again unless I had a whole floor to myself--which is not likely since there are only 2 floors. It does look like a gorgeous venue for parties/weddings though. We were able to see the party rooms and it was beautiful.
Overall, the hotel was a nice place to stay, however, I wish that they had notified me SOMEWHERE in the fine print that they were going to place a $50 hold per night (so a two night stay would have been $100) hold on my card once I checked in for "incidentals" (that I never used).
comfty beds, great location
The bed, and bathroom. The bathroom was clean, and the bed was comfortable.
The rooms were pretty neat and clean, the appearance was just what I expected and the hospitality was good as well
Loved every single thing :)
Close to shopping and dining. rooms were nice sized and quiet very relaxing stay. Definitely will be coming back.
The room is beautiful
The Royal Regency is okay. Safe area and a few things to eat nearby. I've stayed there 2x so far. The rooms are a decent size and the beds are comfortable. I'm not a big fan of the bathroom setup (it has movable walls separating the bathroom and main room). Also, it can get noisy at times. But if you're staying for one night and if you can get a room for <$100, I would recommend it in that case.
Really friendly and beautiful place.
staff was so helpful
The atmosphere and the people were really kind!
room was great clean WiFi a Lil slow but it was free can't complain I will definitely be returning in the near future
Great hotel. just the bathroom situation is weird.
The Service
The room was very clean and spacious. However, the staff wasn't very friendly. I ordered breaded shrimp from the venue lounge that was unpleasantly over cooked and their caesar salad contained too much caesar dressing. I was told that were was going to be a vending machine, but there was only a ice machine. This made you very limited to the choices of food that you had.
great ambiance! the decor, the style of the hotel top notch stuff!
So nice services and Quick check in!!
We end up getting a king bed. It was very comfo
It has a bar area and was close to the event I was attending.
it was different than the norm, better !
It was beautiful, comfortable, and very modern!
too much noise the doors slamming then the room was right there at the gym I could here everything we didn't have a good nights rest
Ugly decor and flimsy bathroom walls in room..
The hotel was clean and the staff friendly. The train takes only 30min to Central Station and you have trains until late,though you have to make sure,it will stop at your stop. However, we will not come back for different reasons. 1st. at 2.00am our neighbors were listening the tv so laud that we had to use ear plugs and even with it you could hear the whole tv show. If that wasnt enough,they started been very inappropriated noisy,knowing that we traveled with a 10 years old child with us. I know this incident doesnt have to do with the hotel,but they didnt resolve the problem. I expected they have rules to respect the other clients. It ended changing the room at 2.30am. My son slept on the floor in a broken and uncomfortable mattress. They even had no blanket for the extra bed and neither for us (as I am used, to find them in the closet). The bathroom has not privacy. There is not door that really separate the room from it. Just a panel that dont works very well. Breafast was very poor!! Maybe because we went there at 9.30??? Of course, we coudnt slept at all the night before. Just coffe,tea,yogurt, sandwich bread and some pastries. Nothing hot, no fruit, no juice, no more knives... Still, there were many people coming at this time. We didnt had breakfast the day after!! I didnt see much difference comparing it with a road motel.
beds are hard.. sheets were stained.. definitely not the Marriott..
