Breakfast
The complimentary breakfast was great and I liked that there was a complimentary razor along with the other bathroom toiletries. Premium movie channels. I'm sure the courtyard with pool is beautiful in the spring/summer. Nice and wowza inexpensive! It's the little things that go a long way!
Room was clean but extremely outdated and run-down. Definitely not worth paying full price. But it was convenient and the staff was friendly and nice.
This a very nice motel. You cannot beat the value you receive. I will book again and again.
Great place nothing bad to say 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
I appreciate my time there. I thought they serve dinner but besides that it was ok i highley recommend it to others
I’ll admit I was a little worried once I read the recent reviews; however, we had no problems. King bed room was clean and spacious and bed was very comfortable; best night’s sleep at a hotel ever! Was a little upset that the pool is still closed and the on-site restaurant looks like it’s never even been open! The desk staff was great - very friendly and helpful. Fantasia printed off bus schedules
We had a horrible stay here. This is the absolute worst hotel ever. If I could give negative stars, I would. We did not get the room promised and paid for. They kept running out of towels and breakfast. The pool was "under repair" and no one cleaned our room for the entire stay. Manager was MIA and Groupon locks you you do that it's impossible to leave and impossible to get your money back!
Reluctant customer service, bed was completely uncomfortable, and long-term stay guest smoking smells are unavoidable and yechy
Is was great!! Great location and staff are professional...
This hotel is horrible. The floors in my room were dirty bathroom had a piece of tissue and there's was prostitution going in the next room people in and out all night and police driving in and out all night stopping them.
The hotel looked good from outside, and even the rooms were neat and clean and gave a first impression. But in the night, we realized that the AC was not working, And then I was fiddling with all the switches available inside the room, and started looking at were is the AC vent, and were is the switch, etc etc, And finally decided to walk to the reception at 1.AM . In the reception they told AC is not going to work, and its a known issue. If you want you can take a refund and checkout. The whole point is to stay. Then I came back to room, and kept the door half-open. I was worried, if any snake would enter the room, and enter in to my bags whole night. Morning we went at 8.30 AM for the complementary breakfast. Some people were random, and some were standing in line. Iam not complaining about food, but it was no organized well. There was a couple big and fat (idiots), they were standing in front of the line , blocking everybody behind, and saying in high tone "LINE, LINE", and putting others to be embarrassed. We were behind them, But those idiots were taking 10-20 min, baking , and waiting for something more, still baking, baking, and did not realize people waiting behind. The whole breakfast story put me and my family nervous, as we were going to catch a ferry and need to exit the hotel at 9.00 AM. But here these idiots blocking us . And everybody afraid, to break the line, as they will say LINE, LINE. Fortunately, we could eat some thing quick and exit that place/hotel forever. The hotel should immediately do the following two things : 1) Install AC, 2) Tell the people coming, that there is a problem with AC. 3) Arrange the breakfast buffets, in such a way that , the time consuming ones like baking stuff in the end, and quick grab ones in the beginning, so that some idiots don't block the way, and telling others LINE,LINE. As if we are there for eating. Everybody have there own business for the day, and want to get a good sleep and start a happy morning. Which was missed in that hotel.
I won’t even give this place 1 star ! It’s 89 degrees out and the rooms here have no or poor AC power we are in a room with two fans blowing after changing our room twice ! It’s very very hot ! We also saw “outdoor pool “ on the reservation when booking with Groupon , NO POOL!!!! It’s empty ! It’s not even ready for the summer ! It’s July 6th !!!! How misleading ! I want my money back !
Service ok. One night the cleaning staff forgot to restock towels in our room and tried calling the front desk for 1hr and no one answered.
Really disappointed with hotel. There is no pool. AC not working when we got here. Then it started leaking in the room from AC. Showers go hot and cold. I would not recommend.
Pool is NOT in service
Bed was noisy and uncomfortable. TV had no channels. Room smelled bad. Never staying there again.
Horrible experience.
The room itself wasn't great, the lamps didn't work, half the power outlets didn't work, the back lot was littered with potholes. The free breakfast was actually pretty good though.
There’s no phone, no coffee maker, the shower is disgusting, there’s a recycling bin for a garbage bin, no liners. The room smells like a boys room. I went to the front desk to complain and was told I got problems and I told her no the room has problems that ain’t me. She was joking, I can tell but, my complaints weren’t taken seriously. Finally called to have my room switched.
Excellent
Muy bueno recomiendo
Extremely dirty, dated, and the staff was unprofessional. Water from the shower was brown, toilet was broken, and there was no house keeping staff on during the night. Sheets were stained and dirty, carpet was dingy and funky, and everything was dusty. We checked out within an hour of check in.
Terrible room service
Apenas limpiaron mi cuarto dos veces en 12 días que estuve allí. Los cuartos tienen olor a cigarrillo. Les notifique que necesitaba hacer “late check out” pues mi vuelo salía mucho mas tarde de la hora de salida y no tenia a donde ir y me quisieron cobrar $85.00. A pesar de los inconvenientes, es de los mas economicos con desayuno incluido diariamente.
clean comfortable bed
Don't ever book here the hotel was disgusting they didn't have AC and it was a 100ﾟ outside in that hotel it felt like 110. Groupon was no help because it was a Saturday and I couldn't even get in contact with customer service over the phone. People were leaving left and right and it's sad groupon wouldn't even give me a refund. Do the right bank and stay clear from this Hotel
When we arrived and went to check into the room type we had booked. It was not available. We had booked a bedroom with two beds we were given a room with a king bed and a sleeper sofa. The sleeper sofa was very painful for an adult, so we both slept in the king. When we got to our room the room was so hot it is cooler outside than it was inside. Thethe air conditioner was Extremely Loud and no air was coming out of it. There was only one towel in the bathroom, our refrigerator was leaking, there was stuff on the floor and they wouldn't bring towels to our room. So we had to walk all the way back outside and to the main lobby to get them. Then when we talked to someone about the room they said there was nothing they could do. To top it all off there is no working Wi-Fi. I travel a lot and have not experienced this level of awful before. Would not reccomend.
This is Not a hotel it’s a MOTEL! The pool has been out of service for months. The rooms smell of must and the lobby of crack. There was some soliciting outside the motel and there was was a lot of activity going in and out the motel. Do not recommend this motel at all!
dirty rooms, no a/c, extremely rude front desk workers, terrible customer service, and thieves!
They need to renovate everything. The hotel looks like in Adam's family.
Very disgusting hotel. Images online are extremely misleading. Hotel looks like its been closed for 20 years. No upkeep. Pool has no water and looks like it been that way for years. About 3/4 of the hotel rooms had Zero AC when I got there. I was so disappointed I could cry. Shameful that they charge what they do for these rooms. Please fo not book here!!
Very poor customer service, I'm not the kind to complain about minor inconveniences but the staff and management Is just so unprofessional. Bathrooms need fixing, ACs don't work and staff isn't professional at all. Never going back again, not recommended at all!
This was the most disappointing experience I’ve ever had. The pictures are NOT AT ALL what it actually looks like in person. The place was not clean at all! We drove for more than 2 hours to visit NJ, and this place seemed decent and near NY. However, there were a lot of uncomfortable situations that made me so angry, i ended up booking somewhere else.
Will never go there again. Pool closed. Air conditioners not working. Railings needed repair and replacing. Would not exchange rooms. Had my grandkids with us and did not feel like they would be safe.
Due to all the problems we did not stay. Was unsafe for the grandkids. Air conditioning broken. Railings broken. Pool closed. Will never book again.
The place was disgusting, As soon as I checked in I checked right out.
cockroaches on this hotel and at 11 pm and the room was not clean ,they offer me to stay like that,terrible hotel , dont even think about this hotel,not recommendable at all.
Room smelled like smoke. Dont think I'd stay there again
Our room was dirty. Had bugs in the tub and the floor had visible dirt on it.
Where to start? key card scanner was broke along with door, took 5-10 minutes every time to get door open. Floor was sticky, beds felt wet from moisture, shower was not usable due to water going from freezing to burning hot in a second. The driving range next door can be annoying to hear late. We addressed issues with front desk and received no positive feedback.
Never bin in a worse hotel no good treatment and o profesional
Filthy, no towels, pool was not inservice, horrible experience
They cancel my reservation and they charge me again for another reservation charge two time for the reservation so I’m waiting for one oh the. Other remplace my money back because it’s impossible almost with two months before I got the reservation and the time I arrive they do not have my room ready ,no pool only I can tell good it’s the girl at the breakfast room she do good job
Absolutely horrible. I got a room for 3 days stayed half a night and left. Didnt even bother to argue for my money back. I would have rather slept in my car that night if I didnt have my child with me.
First... The agreement that Groupon make with them its not clear at all.... When I was checking in they said that my reservation was cancelled... And i need to paid again if I needs to stay there... And with my problem they don't have nothing to be related we gotta contact Groupon... What i did the same night and still waiting for an answer.. Never responded. Second my room 224 the air conditioning it was not cooling and the fridge it was making a lot of sond but not cooling at all... Then In the morning because it was 4 people on my room 2 adults and 2 younger kids 17 and 15 years... I they just got 2 big towels in the room I request 2 more towels to the housekeeping lady and (she had her car full) and didn't gives me none because that was for the new check out... She tells me to call front desk... But the phone in the room was not working... The pool was out of services.. In response to the reservation that was terrible.... The only think that I could say it was 10 Stars and plus... It was the lady at the breakfast room been doing everything by her self for all the guests... she was nicely, clean, always pending to every guest and even she burn her hand making the breakfast for all us... She didn't leftover into the breakfast hours were done... To keep guest happy...
The bed skirt was dirty the curtain panels were filthy. The shower had broken plaster which started leaking when time shower. Breakfast ran out. No moe waffle mix, how its only batter.
No like
I checked in 6 hours after check in time. When we got to our room, it was disgusting. The beds weren’t made, there were dirty towels in the bathroom, dirty sheets and rags on the bed and floor, it was absolutely disgusting. After we notified front desk, we were told we’d have to wait a while (30+ mins) to have our room serviced. Would not recommend. Stay somewhere else.
Avoid this hotel. Absolutely disgusting and not in a very safe area. Broken phones, moldy bathrooms, no bath towels, dangerous broken outlets and we had to change from our first room because it reeked of marijuana. If I had another option I would have changed hotels.
Such a horrible experience. I booked through Groupon, but was told that my reservation was cancelled because I arrived after 12am. No where in the fine print did it say I had to check in before then. I then had to once again pay for the room. Only two get a double room instead of single because they had none left. It just so happened to be that the room I got also had no working air conditioning.
BUYER BEWARE: Please do not waste your money! HORRIFIC! This Ramada Inn has no A/C and the heat is stuck on 90. There is black mold on the ceilings, there was freaking pubic hair in the sink, and a dead smashed mouse under the refrigerator! I checked in and checked right back out not even 5 minutes later. When I informed the front desk about the heat issue they suggested I SLEEP WITH MY DOOR OPEN!
I wish I could give it a negative star but that’s not a option. I travel for work so I run across a lot of crappy hotels and this one beats any I have encountered.
checked in and checked right back out in 10 minutes. dirty, beat up and the ventilation/AC system didn't work
We didn’t stayed due to some emergency unable to go to Bombay. Didn’t receive any refund. Upset with the charges
Hotel had mold under the tile in the bathtub and also in the ceiling. The light switch was not working. Housekeeping came to fix it and stated the issue was in the wiring. I do not recommend and will never be returning. I have attached a picture of the mold in the tub.
This hotel is absolutely filthy .. the sink in my room was broken and they don’t use AC until June
Wasn’t able to check in at 3pm because manager was on break?! No towels at front desk. Thankfully I only paid $60 but even then not worth it!
This hotel was convenient to a function I went to and although it looks like they've done some upgrades, it was not what I expected from the Wyndham line. The curtains were covered in what looked like grease stains, & the door didn't properly close. The outdoor pool looked as if it had green algae growing in it. It also looked like the type of place where people were actual living. ONE AND DONE
I am trying to cancel this order these were the wrong dates. Can someone please help me
It was the worst ever
I check in this hotel 2 days march 14 and 15 I tell to the front desk I buy in groupon n she take my card for deposit she said I dont charge for room because I buy in groupon but then they charge me 2 times. And they dont return the exact amount they charge so I need to pay 40 dollar for their mistakes me they say sorry they cant refund me
There was mold on some of the walls. When we arrived at the room, there were no towels, iron, and not enough toilet paper. We had to ask several times for a iron. The floors, appliances, and curtains were dirty.
Hotel didn’t have hot water and we had to take shower with cold water. Not recommending
First the bed board broke on us. Then they charged us an extra night then when i called for a refund they charged me again the manager was not helpful they didn't even try to compsate for the horrible experience we had lucky o didn't sure the board falling on us
Breakfast
Made a reservation due to attending a Sweet 16th in the area. Friends booked around 8 rooms in total. We got dress at the hotel but sad to see the conditions of it. We had to take showers in flip flops and just for the look of it, we didn’t even want to sleep on those beds. We all didn’t stay for the night. Rooms had a lot of mold and they were falling apart.
Bad customer service
My bathroom light was broken and a lot of customers was complaining when I walked in
In Reality the online photos miss represented the actual appearance of the facility. It was disappointing to say the least.
The room walls appears ugly and bathroom never upgraded since 30 to 40 years. The beds were making huge noises. Will not stay again
Rated a 1 because no stars was not an option. Horrible.
I didn't feel safe there.
Ugh. Will not stay again. Run down. Unhelpful staff. Tv was broken. Fire alarms battery in the room next to us was low so it kept us awake all night. No phones in the room to call front desk. Told the receptionist and she could care less.
It was unsafe and very rundown, dirty room. Not at all what I expected.
No good
This location is horrible the first room given to us smelled like cigarettes and the Ac was broken. The second room they attempted to give us the ac was broken. the overall vibe at the motel was weird. We left 20 minutes after getting there. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
Lo peor luego de llegar nos dicen que no tiene piscina porque esta en remodelación y lo peor fue que días antes se llamó y no notificaron
Room was ready 3.5 hours after check-in time. There was also a dirty towel in the room.
Hotel room floor was very dirty and they did not have hot water. They did not even offer some discount or free stay over another time
Horrible experience. Staff reserved a room for me that was already being utilized. Obvious water damage in the room. The paint on the walls were peeling from the water. Room ceiling had water stains. We found dead bugs in the room. Two of the lamps had blown out light bulbs. Will never go to this place again. Super disappointed.
No AC, 50% of their rooms had no air conditioning, they where unable to specify which ones did or did not.
There was no ac and bed bugs every where
Key from room kept locking me out . Had to change rooms because of it .
Booked with them and they screwed me over by saying the room does not have an AC and that we can't refund your money because it is booked by Groupon. Also, Groupon failed to mention that on the booking page.. it is summer, the room must have an AC duh. Not to mention the attitude that I got from the reception. I ended up staying in another hotel and waiting for Groupon to make this right and refund the entire fees since I didn't stay in Ramada.
Honestly there were bed bugs in my bed and I had no choice but to leave and sleep in my car with my family. I am still waiting on my refund.
Ther was no AC in the room
Didn’t even go there and tried to get refunded but never did No AC NO POOL I don’t understand y that place is still on Groupon or yet y it’s still in Buisness
I wouldn’t recommend anyone to stay at this place, The place is nothing like it is the pictures. There was trash in the walkway, the toilet didn’t work and it took over 12 hours for someone to come fix it, I’ve stayed at a lot of hotels and this is by far the worst. DONT take your family here!!!!!!
Great location decent room but many many issues which were ignored and not resolved . Tv wasn’t working Ac was not working Was told I would get a fan .. nope never came The safe finally got opened third day . Held onto passports The breakfast buffet is horrible . We had no phone in our room . List goes on . Great location only good thing near malls restaurants and NEWYORK city
Greatest location to malls and New York City but truthfully many many complaints about room and service I don’t even have time to waste to explain .
The rooms are OLD THEY ONLY SHOW THE RENOVATED PARTS OF THE HOTEL ON THE SITE. IT NEEDS TO BE REDONE. IT WAS 90 degrees and the pool was not available and filthy
Stay away, stay FAR away from this place! I contemplated sleeping in my truck or making the 3 hr . Trek back home at midnight because this place was beyond filthy (stains on the sheets, sticky spot on floor next to the bed, stained grimy curtains and walls) the furniture was beyond worn and should have been hauled to the dump(see pictures). Left after a few hrs. Very shady area & cliental too
The Ramada hotel in Wayne, New Jersey is urgently in need of room renovations: (1) The furnitures need an update, they are old and worn. (2) a piece of 1’ by 1’ ply wood sticking out from underneath the bed. 3) most of the customers looked very questionable & rowdy. A patrol car cam 4) swimming pool undergoing renovation resulting in a dusty air. The hotel looks rundown and needs a new management
Called and asked if I could upgrade to a double room instead of a king room, was told over the phone everything was all set. When we got there we were told that reservation never changed and there were no double rooms available. Rollaway bed took up the entire room because it was soo small. Wallpaper was peeling, smoke detector was ripped off of wall and coffee pot was leaking everywhere.
Very uncomfortable room was blazing hot with no control of thermostat
Horrible breakfast. Tvs didnts work. Toilets clogged. Management was very unprofessional. The maintenance man was more personable than the manager!
I hope to hear from you on this matter, it’s not fair at all. This is the third time I write!!!! Please let me know what you think!!!! Thank you for your time!!!! Lillian Rivera
I’ll give 2 stars because the nite time front desk was helpful. But the room itself was shaggy looking . The bathroom had mold on it . Tub was iffy . Ran out of toilet paper (bought some with my own money)I had a ghostly incident .
Really bad hotel ,I never come back to this hotel in my life
basically an SRO.
Hotel was kinda run down, staff seemed pretty professional. Hotel desperately needs a renovation.
A cheap hotel. I knew when I booked it, it was cheap. Next time I want to save money I’ll use Air b-n-b. This place was horrendous. The first room I was in smelled so bad from who Knows what, my eyes were watering and nose burning. Moved. Midnight the room next to me blared the tv and was smoking so much pot, my room stunk. Moved again. Marred walls in every room thankfully no bed bugs I could se
The day we checked in they were overbooked on queen rooms so they downgraded us to a double. The first room and we walked in was still dirty and used from the previous person and it smelt like someone smoked in the room even though it says no smoking. We went back and requested another room and it was clean but still smelt like someone smoked. Is only clean enough for college student on a budget.
The front desk ladies- Horrible I got an unauthorized charged on my card I had to do a fraud report.
I showed up to check in and the front desk woman was a nightmare from the start. She could not find the reservation so I had to call Groupon to have them send the hotel a confirmation (why this wasn’t done when I booked the room is absolutely beyond me). I called Groupon and was informed it would take an HOUR for them to send the email to the hotel before I could check in. I am fuming! Never again
Dirty and rooms smell.
I really enjoyed the stay, but i think they could in proofed more on the service.!
Didn’t enjoy it, room was dirty, i left same day.
The nonsmoking room smelled terribly of smoke. There was dust on the furniture and the toilet did not work properly for flushing. Front desk staff claimed there were no other rooms to move to, but you could see many rooms not being used with curtains open and beds made up and clearly not occupied. Not willing to work with you at all.
It was absolutely disgusting .. i honestly was so disappointed! Heater didn’t work i was freezing all night the curtains were stained the bathroom was stained every where it was a no smoking room and the room smelled awful like old smoke and the smoke detector was ripped out of the wall and left on the counter i just felt gross being in there never ever again..
So I emailed Groupon first they were going to call or email on "my behalf" then they were going to forward it to "special team" then I contact them today and I'm told that they aren't going to do anything. Its bad enough that when Groupon does refund they never refund the full amount they refund the amount before taxes.
I had to pay for a room. The receptionist said my groupon purchase was not in the system.. do better. You guys really stole money from me.
I was played for a room groupon never sent my reservation over to the hotel so I had to get anothet room. I payed for two rooms.
Horrible!!!!!
I would never recommend this place. I end up checking out that same night and losing my money I paid for he room. So disgusting and management said no one was there until the morning to help me. My room keys also didn’t work, so I was back and forth in the cold trying to get management to help me after the third run to the office he finally come with the master key. I had to call him evry time to
Comfortable bed -Comfortable room - not enough towels. but what bothers me I couldn’t have breakfast the 3 days I stayed because I have to go outside to get to the lobby And it was freezing plus I have to babies
