Comfy but still smaller than I expected
Room was 10x10 with a steam heater that was very noisy and hot.
This was an amazing hotel, especially for the price! The room was nicely updated, the ac worked really well, and the added amenities (Fiji water in the fridge, coffee downstairs, and holding onto bags while I was out for the day) were on fabulous. The only issue I had was my neighbors were repeatedly slamming their door, but it had nothing to do with the hotel only jerk neighbors. Two thumbs up!
Right near Central Park, Harlem side, not Manhattan side. Our room was way too hot
The price couldn’t be beaten, and the location is great— in a pretty peaceful place right off of Central Park.
The room was small, but reasonable for the price. It’s right across from central park and from a nice deli. Not a bad choice for a short stay, but I would not recommend for extended stays.
The staff was pretty friendly and it was super close to a subway station.
Hotel staff are awesome very friendly . World class service.
Small rooms but clean and a great neighborhood, very accommodating and always helpful staff. Loved the location and the beds are firm. Not crowded or loud . Hair dryer in rooms, if you fill the ice bucket then put it in the mini fridge it works perfect but other then that it dose not cool enough. Little to no hangers so pack the ones you need. Great bathroom toiletries provided. Would visit agin
Nice hotel. Very very small. But not terrible. In a great location with tons of free parking and a subway access right near by.
The room was small giving you a true New York feel. It was clean and neat and equipped with a closet and tub/shower and blowdryer. The staff were very welcoming and helpful they made our stay memorable. The location was on the northern end of central park but perfect. One mile walk to the natural history museum and two miles form Time square.
It was a VERY SMALL space. I didn’t get that impression from the pictures on their website but it was clean and had very cold ac in our room, which was great. The people there were nice. The coffee was not good though had to walk to Dunkin’ Donuts.
Staff was wonderful. Hotel was terrible. Virtually no amenities. Undependable internet for all but email. No cable. Room we were in had the ceiling begin to leak over the bed, so they gave us a new room in which (no exaggeration) the floor sloped 6-8 degrees. I have stayed in hotels in Myanmar and they were better. The experience has caused us to reconsider any GroupOns for hotel accommodations.
I did rate the hotel with five stars earlier. However, when I checked my credit card statement, I realized to my utter disappointment I was charged an additional fee which was neither mentioned in the Groupon deal nor was I informed at check-in. This residence fee included wi-fi which I never used, water which when I checked at the front desk was told was free, and other stuff which was totally ridiculous. I called the hotel and was told this fee was mandatory, however, when I mentioned that I wasn't made aware of this during check-in and it wasn't mentioned in the Groupon as well, they just refused to take responsibility. I then let them know that I was going to dispute this amount and the response was "go ahead and do it". Although, I liked the property I am never going back there!!
I upgraded to a queen. It was comfortable.
I was extremely disappointed in the customer service at Park West. Before I arriving I emailed to make sure there was nothing else I needed to do to finalize my reservation. I was told everything was all set, just that there would be a one-time deposit that would be released after check-out. The fee stayed on my credit card and when I called the hotel I was told it was a "residence fee" that everyone pays for WiFi, snacks, water, etc. The fine print on the Groupon says nothing about an additional "residence fee" and neither does the Park West website. When I checked in and was asked for my credit card, I was told it was only for incidentals. To my knowledge, nothing in the room was broken or damaged. The hotel's website specifically says that WiFi is available for an additional fee. Knowing this, I planned not to purchase it. I was surprised when I was given the WiFi password at check in. When I asked about this directly, the person I spoke with at check-in told me the WiFi and the water in the room were included, but did not mention an additional fee. If this is truly a fee that is charged to everyone, that information should be made much more clear. Given that I asked directly about additional fees on multiple occasions and no one mentioned this, I feel that I was lied to by the hotel. I was already disappointed that my emails requesting help finding a parking garage close to the hotel prior to my stay were ignored, but being lied to and charged for additional services I did not ask for or want is unacceptable. When I called about it I was told I could only talk with a manager in the morning when I am at work and my emails were again ignored. I certainly will not be staying the Park West again and definitely would not recommend it to others.
I wanted to like this place, I knew walking in that I was getting what I paid for. However, what I wasn’t expecting was the lack of help from the front desk. We had issues with our mini fridge/water cooler. When we told them they basically said “well what do you want us to do about it? You already paid in full.” If you are looking to buy this Groupon I would strongly consider doing Airbnb.
Positives: Friendly staff, great location upper West Side of Central park. You will have a view only if your room faces the park. Negatives: Very small room, bed as hard as the floor, $20 extra a day for Wifi and water, older building but they are painting and updating. We will not stay here again.
Hotel OK. Definitely had higher expectations.. we had to pay an extra $20 plus taxes service fee each night for using the internet, phone and for storing luggage (that “service” should be included in the hotel price in my opinion). The ac in our first room didn’t work so we got a bigger room which was fine but the service in general was not the best. Wish we booked a better hotel in retrospect.
I never leave reviews unless there good but this place requires a huge warning for consumers believing they’re going to have a fancy hotel. This establishment is not four stars and the false advertisement was egregious. The groupon ad is very misleading. The establishment was under construction with spackle on the walls very dirty lobby and shotty rooms. The bedroom was not as promised we had asked for a king and we got two twin beds. Also there was a window unit AC that was very old and very loud. The shower was dirty and also very poorly kept, the water would not drain nor get hot. In my opinion, This hotel is no more than one star and definitely not worth the price. If I could I would post my pictures.
This was the worst hotel we could have stayed at in Manhattan. Absolutely awful service, awful rooms and awful hospitality. There were uncleaned bathrooms, mold and dirty sheets. The AC was not working. I took pictures immediately. The hotel staff was absolutely rude, unaccommodating and the place seemed unsafe.In the process of working with Groupon on this. Highly reccomend to NOT stay at this hotel.
The room was spacious and we got one on the second floor with an amazing view of Central Park. The only downside to the hotel was the lack of hot water during the colder months, but otherwise the hotel was clean and spacious (for Manhattan standards) and it came with two bottles of Fiji water a day with your stay! Will stay again
Rude staff, hidden fees at check in that are not listed on the group on ad. Major TLC needed at this place. I will stick with Hamptons.
Hotel is the worst. I booked it by accident because of Groupon and I never got the chance to read the cancellation policy because it was an accident. But the hotel wouldn’t let me cancel or get a refund just because they want money. They’ll make an exception for the check in age (21, but I was 19) but not for cancellation. They just wanted money and $226 is a big toll on a college student.
Tiny, dirty, ceiling leaks, 1 elevator (no inspection tag) which will only fit 2 people, “mandatory” $19.95 fee per day not disclosed in original offer, would not recommend to my worst enemy
Do NOT stay in this hotel. The hotel is under construction and the room I stayed last Friday was filthy, esp.the bathroom and the carpet. The location was great but the whole experience was terrible. Despite the fact the room was dirty and the whole place is very run down ( worse than a motel), we had to pay extra $19.95 per day of "residence fee". And forgot ur toothbrush? Ur out of luck!
Petite size
Very small but other than that it was a good stay.
it was clean, but we couldn't see out of the window.
Told us our WiFi was included on our Groupon voucher and then at checkout found we had an extra $26 charge for WiFi. They said that was not included and would not take the charge off Too bad because nice place,location and some friendly staff but
Location and esay. Check in
Small.... room is almost closterphobic!
Rooms are very small. Rude staff. Outlets and lamp didn’t work.
I had two different rooms, something significant was broken in both of them, and the customer service was insufficient.
It was so small and dirty. Nothing like the pictures.
I loved every second I was there, the room was spotless, very cozy. I loved how the heating was perfect, so sleeping was very comfortable. The only downside is that I had to checkout lol I definitely had a good experience. Staff was/is on point, good service.
They are charging other fees when checked out. I mentioned the Groupon's Policy about no extra charges, and they said that they can apply extra charges, so on reality looks like is not good deal take a gateway using Groupon if the Hotel is charging more unknown fees. The policy said all taxes and fees are covered on the Groupon Price but this hotel is ignoring that.
Location next to Central Park was nice. No coffee maker in room and coffee in basement lounge was horrible!! Room was hot with a radiator with no control. Window a/c unit made it bearable, but not sure if room would be comfortable at all in summer. There was only one roll of toilet paper in room and one washcloth for two people. Had to ask for more and it was brought several hours later at 11:00 p.m. A $68.00 facility fee was added on and was never mentioned by Groupon or the hotel website information.
Room was very small, the bathroom door wouldn’t shut all the way. The bed was uncomfortable. I would not stay here again.
There ws no queen bed but two double beds
If I could give a zero I totally would. This hotel was HORRIBLE! I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. The lock to the bathroom was on the outside of the door! If you locked it before you went in, you wouldn’t be able to get out without someone from the outside opening it. The room was tiny, the halls, and the elevator. The doors in the halls were held open by wads if papers. Horrible!!
I will give less than one star if I can customer service personal is so rude they check in my brother and following day they call, since reservationwas under my name he can’t be registered I call Groupon add his name the reservation so was add in the hotel 2 send the email for them,they call to say they didn’t get the email and mycard will be charged for the reservations like we didn’t pay group
This Groupon was never used. I mistakenly tapped purchase and Groupon doesn’t have anyway to cancel hotel stays if purchase is made 24 hours before Check in. I called my cc company to try to stop the purchase also but was told I have to wait until it in my statement. I use Groupon’s all the time and I noticed no one ever thought to ask costumers to verify there security pin on cc. Disappointed
Horrible! Was kept up all night by the extremely loud banging in the pipes. I’m called the office at around 2am and he told said, “oh yea, that happens. It should stop shortly”. It did stop shortly and then starter again and again. Both my husband and I woke up with bloodshot eyes.
Don't stay there. Dirty and old.
Do not go here !!! Its was disgusting .For starters we felt vary unsafe . We wouldnt walk barefoot in that room . The shower was gross and looked like it never was cleaned . There was mold and rust on the ceiling. The TV was off the wall and no remote . None of the outlets worked . We would never stay there ever again . The staff was really friendly and I guess they hear it all the time because they just gave us a card and said next time you come here I hope it's better. I would never stay there again I would rather pay the extra money to stay anywhere else .
Dirty hotel ! Carpet was peeling up ! Bathtub was disgusting! I want a refund !
The people were very nice. The doors to the rooms are very hard to close which means everytime the person in the next room closes their door you hear it which made it a little difficult to sleep. Proximity to central park is a big plus.
The first room I got was already occupied to a couple having sex, which was a terrifying sight for my 3 kids. The second room we got was so small the 4 of us could barely fit in the room. The heater was on full blast with no way to turn it off. All night the room was at 95 degrees. It was the worst night any of us has ever had. My complaints at the front desk did nothing.
I can’t go cause the deposit is a HUNDRED AND FIFTY DOLLARS that they hold on ya card for up to five days. And since I am accustomed to it being only 50 at every other hotel - I can’t even check in.
Very old hotel, clean room but very small. Their elevator is a joke, it takes forever to come and can not fit more than 2 people without languages. There were only two small towels in the bathroom not enough for even one person. Location is great, if you use it just for the convenience.
Room was extremely small. Room card reader didn't work. Bathroom door didn't really close.
DO NOT STAY THERE!!!!!! VERY DIRTY WITH BUGS.
Do not reserve a room here. The rooms are small, unkempt, dingy. Stains in bathtub and on carpet. Bare bones and over priced
Booked a King bedroom checked in and got to the room its double beds. When I attempt to call down to the front desk the phone was broken. So I had to ride the tiny 3 person elevator back down to the lobby. I was told that Groupon booked the wrong room but all info I had was for king. When I tried to get money back I was told that the double bed room was a higher value and toilet did not flush👎👎
Worst experience ever! False advertisement! Hotel and Room was old and very small! Only looks pretty from the outside. Bathrooms super dirty. No parking service through the hotel and you’ll have to park away at another hotel and pay extra.
This hotel was great very friendly staff the rooms were kept clean very happy with my family of 4 stay!
After spending the day in NYC on one of the hottest day of the year we came to our room and the air conditioning was not working! It took several hours to finally get moved to a new room.
Staff are very friendly and welcome you with a nice smile... It’s an old building in a good condition but my opinion doors key needs to be remodeled. Great Location. Free tea and coffee every morning.
Very small but affordable with Groupon deal. Adequate if you are out enjoying the city most of the time. Just across fr Central Park & 3 short blocks from subway. Refrigerator did not cool, but AC did. Small elevator with room for 2 people with suitcases. Staff was friendly & accommodating with requests to hold luggage between check out & trip to airport. Hotel entry has steep steps & no rail.
comfortable bed
Right across from Central Park. Down the street from Harlem.
location was great but the room is small and everything inside is very dated - AC very weak and the vent in the washroom is painfully loud! For almost $200/night, i was expecting a bit more than this.
We booked a room with 2 double beds. Didn't expect much for what this hotel offers. The hotel did offer clean bed/bed linens which was a pleasant surprise and usable furniture such as tv, table,etc...with such a limited space it had. Although the window AC units kept the room cool but the noise can be to loud. Had issue with unlocking and locking our room door which was frustrating.
We had no hot water in the morning took cold showers ceiling fan was very loud in bathroom and the air conditioner was a window unit which sounded like a jet engine turning on and off all night not real happy with this place. The location was great being next to Central Park but that’s the only good thing I can say about this place
2 rooms were booked and confirmed separately 6 weeks prior to our arrival. We, the 2 pairs travelled there together. When we arrived at the hotel standing in front of the check-in counter. The concierge didn't seem to feel our existence. We approached them to ask for the rooms that we booked. Soon after they knew our bookings were from GroupOn, they said that they didn't have rooms for us. They gave a ridiculous reason that the hotel was having plumbing problem and some area was flooded. So, they had to send us to 2 separate hotels (Bently and Marcel) which are far away from Park West and far apart. We were supposed to tour the city together. We had our itinerary planned ahead of time. If we were separated in 2 different places it would be difficult for us. Our plan was screwed. The concierge kept on saying that they had no room to spare and the other 2 hotels had no extra rooms either to accommodate all of us together. He offered no alternative. He said that the 2 hotels were notified and confirmed for the room. My friend called Bentley Hotel right the way. Surprise! They didn't know about this. Further more, they said that they had a room which could accommodate 4 of us. So, the concierge of Park West was lying. He just wanted to put the burden on 2 separate hotels. We took a texi from Park West to Bentley. The concierge of Bentley was very helpful. He helped checking in a room for us. We caught him and his assistant a surprise when they knew that our bookings were from GroupOn. Then, they changed our room to a less comfortable one. It's still acceptable as long as 4 of us were together. We had no complaint about Bentley. We only complain the service of Park West. It's a bad experience to use GroupOn to book a hotel room.
Don't stay here because it's not safe. The floor in our room sloped downwards at a 60 degree angle and no refund would be offered. The door at the end of the hallway had a 2 inch gap at the bottom opening it up to the outside (roaches, flies). Don't stay here!
This is NOT a 4 star hotel as Groupon falsely claims!!! There were ROACHES in the room and they did NOTHING about it!!! NO REFUND NO NOTHING!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!
