Great location, very clean, and we even got upgraded at no charge without asking!
Customer service and very clean!
Close to where I needed to be. Room was compact but I didn’t expect a suite for that price. I would stay again with a Groupon. I feel happy about this purchase. Value for the money.
Honestly, my only complaint is that the elevators are tiny and dreadfully slow. Other than that, the staff was so friendly, the rooms were clean and comfortable and the location was prime if you want to be in the middle of everything.
Great hotel & staff !
This is the greatest hotel I’ve stayed at. I love the service and the room was amazing. We got our room upgraded for no charge. We will be back again soon !
Location is excellent! Arrived an hour early and had to wait to check in (Boo!). Bathroom is VERY small with only half a shower door. Tolerable, but not ideal.
Perfect for a night in Times Square.
Great hotel!
I was only 1 person, a QUEEN BED for 2 persons would be a bit tight.
Loved this hotel! Parking right across the street, staff was friendly, room was clean! We even extended our stay an extra night!
Queen bed for two was just right. Comfortable.
Friendly staff, great time!
The room was perfect, cozy and the location of the hotel is a perfect 3 min walk from Times Square. The location was perfect and nearby to the train lines that will take you directly to Coney Island, Canal Street and various other areas. I will most definitely stay here again during my next visit. This was my first time visiting NYC and I am thankful for the pleasant memorable experience.
It was really big for just the two of us and very convenient.
Convinent location
Awesome hotel. Kids loved bunk bed. !
Aaahhhhh was ok
The hotel is gorgeous and very clean, much better than what I expected for NYC. Just be aware that there’s an urban fee that comes out to about $28 with tax when you check in.
Great location and comfortable room. Sleeps five with the bunk beds.
Location was great. Staff friendly.

Excellent location! Small rooms. Watch out for the resort fee. I would probably stay there again.
The location
Location and great Customer Service !
The proximity to MSG was great. Really Irish pub next door. When we checked in they upgraded us to a king room which was nice. It was exactly what we expected from size and the fact it is a boutique hotel. The bathroom was small but useable and the bed had a weird lump in the corner but was actually comfortable. If your looking for a night out on town it’s good the only negative was the urban tax
Clean, great location. No views, rooms were really small and dark! Would not stay there again!
Nice hotel for the price. Perfect location. Yes the room is small but that's expected for NYC.
Way too small
It was ok
The bed was comfortable.
Great location, trendy details inside the hotel, but was too small for 2 people.
Location of the hotel great. We were walking distance to everything we had planned. Only reason i didn’t give it 5 stars is because the shower drain was clogged
Location location location was the best thing about it Small rooms slow elevators but perfect for sleeping
very clean could’ve used a new mattress
Charged $577 for 3 nights, all of which I was unable to attend due to a flight cancellation 1 day b4 check-in. Nor the hotel or Groupon would offer a refund or credit. I emailed Groupon right away & called them & the hotel asap the following morning, & was told that I'd have to callback the hotel to ask for a credit. It was so much back & fourth, no one helped me in the end. Horrible experience.
I understand that it is NYC, but to pay over 200.00 on a groupon that said originally a 499.00 fee; this was a very disappointing. It was my wife and mine 20th anniversary and this room was the size of a walk in closet. The first room I got had no A/C and we found long woman’s hair under the sheets on the bed. If it wasn’t for getting a different closet size room with A/C that worked 1 star
Excellent location, staff and room! My husband and I arrived very early in New York and Alfonso our concierge is very helpful to a point he gave us a spare room for my husband to clean up before his convention and for me to nap since we had a long trip. By 10am our room is ready and we were able to transfer. Have to say this that the location of this hotel is very ideal. Definitely coming back.
Great location for this boutique hotel. Our room was Very small but clean. elevator’s are small - up to 6 people max & can be slow getting up & down to your room. Hotel has a Quiet & relaxing atmosphere. Breakfast served next door. Parking across the street. The Service was friendly & professional.
The hotel was beautiful. The location was awesome. They totally surprised me with my accommodations. My room was on the 16th floor....the 16th floor is the PH (PENHOUSE). What a DREAM COME TRUE!!! Just BEAUTIFUL.
This was a lovely hotel with the BEST staff. Hubby and I were there for 2 days and requested (and received) a room next door for my son, his wife and their 1 year old baby. They were quite accommodating and even brought up a crib for the baby the stay in my room overnight (yes, I’m a good Mimi). The accommodations were excellent and the location is excellent. Both on-site restaurants are great.
Nice hotel and great location!
Very nice place, everything is in walkable distance to time square. Nice staff , very helpful, definitely would stay again!!
great location!!!! Friendly and helpful staff.
Location and friendly staff.
The only issue was the elevator wasn’t working and the lines were crazy. We walked up 8 flights of stairs.
I was upgraded free to a king deluxe room. The hotel is nicely located in Times Square. Hotel was clean and very modern looking. The room was nice and plenty of space. Drawbacks: the glass wall needs to be extended. While taking a shower, the water gets everywhere since there's no sliding door. Elevator was a squeeze even for 4 people with luggage. Overall great hotel and would stay again.
Be prepared for extra fee when you get there. "Urban fee"
It was nice being close to Times Square, but breakfast was very expensive, I could hear all of the traffic noise outside of our window and never slept well, and the room and bathroom were the tiniest I have ever stayed in. Also valet parking was $130 for two days.
Excellent location for a NYC getaway! Close to Time Square and great service!
It was a small room but had everything we needed, and the location was great.
It was in a great location very close to everything.
Me and hubby had wonderful stay room was clean very accessible to everything
Pros: LOCATION: Times Square, LOTS of restaurants, easy walk 2 Rockefeller, Empire, GC Station, Radio City and Broadway! Awesome location! ROOMS: a/c in the room was ICEY cold; worked perfectly. Especially nice in the 92 degree/73% humidity weather we were in! The biggest issue we had was with the elevators! 3 on-site, yet only 1 worked regularly. At times, we waited up to 15 minutes for a lift!
Upgraded top two Doubles!!!!
Location
Enough for me and my son. Before was very low to ground
Close to time square
Clean and renovated. Small rooms but couldn’t pass up the deal.
Great location. Clean room. Very small but we only had the room to sleep in anyways. Shower was clogged and the front desk man was rude when I asked for water even though on their website it says “water available upon request”. Other than that no big complaints
The staff is dismissive. I asked for a specific type of room months ahead of time...I waited in the lobby for two hours because they said it wasn’t ready. Then they put me in the wrong room and told me a bold-faced lie about why. I had also tried to cancel the second day (well in advance) but they did not refund me. This was my third stay and third bad experience. They don’t care.
The hotel switched our room to two twin beds.
There was a HUGE crowd - a tour that was all over the lobby and I needed to get checked in quickly to drop off my things, then meet a client. The front desk saw me and just waved me over. They were friendly, fast and I really appreciated it.
The room was very nice and had plenty of space.
Perfect Location! Clean! Friendly! Will stay again !
We were upgraded to a king bed. Check out time was extended to 1p. Very clean. In room coffee was better than the coffee we were served at Norma's Restaurant in The Parker Meridian. Room had view of brick wall. Head board/night stand was missing on one side. House keeping opened our door at 9am wanting to clean. Vey noisy hallway.
Actually I liked the room but asked for a cot which they provided. I was travelling with another guy friend and no way were we going to share the bed.
The room was comfortable and appeared clean.
Great location, 5 minute walk to broadway shows, 5 minute walk to all the action. Staff was friendly, parking across the street, very easy to get to. Rooms were very nicely decorated. The rooms are small, but most in the city are. Definitely was perfect for what we needed. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
That is wasn't a double
Small room, comfortable and clean
Location
Room was beautiful. My only criticism was that there was no microwave.
Made the room size doable
Hotel room was not ready until after 6pm! Awful for how much money was paid.
Loved the hotel and location! No complaints!!
Great Location
Hotel was very clean. Check in and check out was quick and painless. Only downside was no room service. Still great. Will certainly stay again.
Location Guest Service
Location
location
Proximity to everything, very nice accommodations and friendly and helpful staff.
The location was great and the services also. I would definitely visit again. The room was also nice.
Location
It was so close to everything! You can see the times where lights from the front door
The staff were very frien
Location was great
Location
Super small room (no surprise for NYC), but I swear they gave us standard room in place of deluxe we had booked. Some paint peeling from wall, gap in floor board, but overall decently clean. May consider staying again simply for convenience to Times Square, but will probably consider other options first.
Great location but very small room space. Not recommended for more than 2 nights.
Near time Square
Location
Friendly staff, location and affordabili
Location
Perfect hotel for a short stay in the city. Clean and well decorated. Bed was extremely comfortable and service was great.
It was a quiet feel in the heart of busy Times Square.
The Location
Location is great if you want to be right in Times Square area. However, if you're looking for a good night's rest, this is not the place. It is so noisy you can hear everything through the walls. I could hear the joining room watching TV and every person that opened their room door slammed shut. The shower head was located at your waist. For a little bit more I would've picked a different hotel.
Location and price. Clean rooms.
Location and room size
Great location.
Great customer service, nice room with the comfiest bed ever, and amazing location less than 2 blocks from Times Square.
It's near time square and all the near and close attraction around the hotel its has. love the cleanest of the hotel and the staffs are very friendly and helpful.
Gave us several extra badno extra charge very very kind and accommodating would recommend it to anybody enjoyed myself and will come again
location next to times square was great
Location
Location
Location. Is awesome
The Service, the location everything i loved
Clean, updated room. Great location.
It was in NYC
Amazing
The location close to Times Square
Convenient location. But the room was noisy due to the banging of a flag right outside the window.
The design
Close to everything we needed.
Convenient location and clean.
Location
Good Location
very nice
The service we received was very good--from the front desk to the concierge. The room was comfortable, clean, and a decent size for New York City. I would definitely recommend it and stay there again.
Close to everything I wanted
Clean, new and updated rooms and lobby.
The bed was so comfortable, including some of the best pillows. The employees were so welcoming and helpful. We will definitely be back. Awesome location.
The ambiance was spectacular!!
Good location, but the customer service, small room makes this a poor value for the money. On arrival water was on the floor of the room. I was however given another room. They ran out of towels and blankets and I was told that they would be available around midnight! Not customer friendly!
Be very careful of the hidden fees with this hotel. What started out as a 200 dollar hotel quickly became 260 with all the hidden fees
The bathroom was very small. The window was off the track so open to the outside and the television did not work. We called the front desk for help and were told to come down in the morning and they would take care of it, problem was we were only there one night.
The room was really dirty, stains on shower curtains, the “clean” towels smelled.
I was immediately disappointed as soon as I walked in the room... really as soon as I stepped in the elevator. The room was extremely small, there was a tear in the headboard, stains on the sheets and pillowcases. It had an overall cheap feel. The worst part was that our bathroom had a smell like sewer. I could’ve stayed somewhere much nicer for the price.
House keeping barged into our room unannounced and you had to pay $25 dollars a night for a “hotel” fee.
The first room my husband and I got the room was really small, also when I went into the bathroom I noticed there were gnats all over the ceiling. I requested to be moved to another room which took an additional hour. The next room we got was a bit bigger but the air conditioner was filthy!! However, it is a great location to Times Square. I would not recommend this hotel!!
Was downgraded to a room with two single beds, was told we were bumped because it was a Groupon deal. I even called the hotel the week before and confirmed the details and emphasized this was a special occasion for my girlfriends birthday. When I got to the room I called the front desk and they assured me this was an upgrade because two single beds cost more money. Was most definitely not.
Tip - know this - your room could get a leak in the ceiling that pours in like a shower through a light fixture at 11:45pm, and the hotel will not take accountability for it & pass the buck onto Groupon. The hotel itself is cute and staff was nice, however, they are understaffed, the elevators broke (both of them), WiFi down all night, among other things, like the fact that it rained in our room.
The sheets were dirty. We had to wait 6 hours before we were given sheets and instructed to change the linen ourselves. The receptionist claimed there wasn’t a manager on site. He offered to refund the deposit and $20 cleaning fee but no additional accommodations were made during the stay. We were instructed to reach out to Groupon for a refund. Horrible stay!
The room was very small, bed was lumpy and the towels were musty...not to mention that we didn’t get any new towels the second night (we stayed 2 nights)
The first room that they gave us had a leaking air conditioning unit which got our bags all wet. Then the second rooms air conditioning unit could barely make the room cool. The staff was nice when we talked to them but my wife and I could here them fighting among each other. One argument took place at 9 pm when we were trying to sleep.
Make sure you confirm and RE-CONFIRM your room. Was seriously downgraded without notice from receptionist/check-in person.
Don’t stay here. The only good thing is location. Everything else from employees to room sucks
I booked it through Groupon and there were no instructions that a resort fee will be charged. After i checked out from hotel they charged $32.66 for 2 nights. This was not disclosed earlier. On top of that i had to call 6 times to check as to why they charged. Even now i don't know the reason. Their accounts and payments department looks pathetic.
We calkef and the hotel reservations CANCELLED Our Groupon with full REFUND,we DID NIT STAY THERE.
The hot water in the shower took awhile before it got hot, the room was really small, priced too high
Good location. Upkeep in rooms and electors need help.
The service was ok but not to it's hotel standards, room service doesnt knock before they enter your room and if it is locked they continue to try and enter. The hotel itself is very hot. The rooms don't even cool off to the temperature that it states on the wall mount. It was uncomfortable and not worth the money they ask for. I would choose another hotel.
Was the worst thing I ever purchased on Groupon. Hotel room was not clean (stains on bed covers/sheets and dirty floor) and had tiny bugs in our bathroom that was coming from the shower drain. Also did not get a queen size bed but a full size.
Terrible customer service. Flag pole banging by the window all night. Unable to get accommodated elsewhere. Very dissatisfied!
I booked this room to surprise my boyfriend for our anniversary....everything came out wonderful for the exception that the heat will not turn off at all!!!!!!! We came back from our dinner and room was a sauna, we call the receptionist and no one was answering my boyfriend went barefoot to talk to someone when he came back (45mins later) we had to move tia another room because the technician has left already this was 11pm...our night was ruined.
They glorify the pictures to make it look like a 5-star hotel, it's run done and patched up acting like a 5-star. The temp control unit was broken, it only heated the room so in order to cool my room I had to sleep with the windows open and hear the loudness of time square while I attempted to sleep. The shower door was only half a shower door so their bathroom floor was soaked.
DON'T STAY THERE.
Quite frankly, the hotel tried to pull a fast one. I paid for a queen bed room and they tried to put me in a room with a small full bed. When I went down to tell the manager that the room was not a queen room, he tried to tell me that he gave me the room that i paid for. I had to show him the Groupon order that explicitly stated that I paid for a Queen. He reluctantly and deliberately put me into a Queen room on the lowest possible floor on the street side so that I may "enjoy" the street noise. They also charged me an additional $16 that I'm still trying to get back. If you are planning to stay there, I would be very leery about it but I wouldn't stay here again. What good is the deal if the hotel is trying to give you something less that you paid for?
This hotel is located next to a fire station, you will hear sirens all night long! The toilet lid was broken and they "glued" it together, the bathroom door wouldn't close shut unless you slammed it...this is just to list a few of the issues that we encountered.
No valet parking, awful customer service and way overpriced. I do not want to go back not recommend this place.
bad service overall!
There is no signage identifying it as the Tryp and it's actually called the Gallavant.
no doorman local parking is costly even by nyc standards room was unimpressive hard to get a taxi, even uber drivers were slow to come to this location charged to hold bags on checkout
rooms are tiny and not good service if it is from groupon. No breakfast because it is a groupon deal
Very small rooms, not very clean. Room next to chineese restaurant with vents facing room window.
