The location was excellent. Close to amenities, shops, transit, and tomes Square.
Everything was great. The rooms were very clean . They even let us check in an hour early.
Nice rooms but staff was very rude...especially security
Double bed. Small room.
Great location, surroundings (inside and outside) and service at a good value. That’s all I ever asked for.
The location is absolutely perfect
Hotel was near a lot of restaurants and convenient for going sho
King bed very soft. Room was small and noise was hard to sleep. Never will stay again also that still haven't refunded my deposit
The view was amazing!
This hotel was an amazing find for our nyc trip. Really swanky and insanely convenient to get anywhere in the city. Yes the rooms are a bit small but you’re in nyc so it’s to be expected and It most certainly did not take away from the amazing experience! Totally worth it. Would definitely stay here again. We loved it!
The view was pretty good. Our deluxe view seemed to just mean on a high floor. The room was clean but very small and kind of cramped for two, especially when you consider it cost us over $350 for one night. The lobby was really nice and spacious, though. There were not any room service options. Wifi was decent, and room amenities were basic. Good central location off times Square.
The customer service was amazing. From the Valet to the front desk. Reina (hotel associate) was kind and very helpful. She made me and my daughter feel so welcome. I'll definitely be recommending this place. The hotel itself was nice and clean and had a great view of the city. It was the perfect location.
Room was clean and inviting.
Great location near Times Square! Theater and great food options in proximity. Rooms were dirtier than I’d like.
Firm mattress, clean room great location
Comfortable and clean
One full bed convenient regarding city locale
Comfortable
Cleaniess
The room its small but really Comfortable, I loveee the view and the Staff Attentions , Honestly Row NYC Its the #1 in my hotels booking
Great location. Friendly staff. Easy check in and good price
Ok. hotels should provide coffee in every room ROWNYC has none and charge $4.00 for a cup downstairs in the bar. NOT GOOD!!!!
The Row NYC is our new favorite New York hotel. The staff is great, it was clean, in a great location, and comfortable.
Great price for the location to Times Square!
I did want to clarify our previous rating. The bed was perfectly comfortable. The room was small but that was expected. The cleanliness of the room was mediocre at best. The bathroom was dirty, mold in the caulk, hair on the floor from the previous guests. We had to take face cloths from the housekeeping carts because we were never provided anything but hand towels and bath towels. Popcorn paint bubbling up and practically falling due to the fact there was no blower fan in the bathroom. Plastic disposable cups were provided our first day but never replenished throughout our 4 day stay. One nice thing is we were provided disposable water bottles to take with us as we were vacationing on the hottest weekend of the summer. The location of the hotel itself in the theater district was perfect! I would stay there again if they did a little updating of the rooms and improved cleanliness.
The hotel was clean and the staff were pleasant to work with. The location was great. The only issue we had was the cost of staying there, but it is due to the location being so close to Times Square.
The location was fabulous; the desk & concierge staff were very attentive & helpful; the window shades darkened the room significantly; there was a room safe. On the other hand, the room was very small; the electrical outlet in the bathroom was on the opposite wall as the shelf, making plugging in an electric toothbrush/ razor impossible; there was a lot of dust on the chair rail in the bathroom.
Nice hotel, I was pleased
Hate sharing a bed with anyone.
I upgraded to two full beds. Awesome! Room was very spacious for New York! Great location too!
The Location
Groupon did their part. Front desk folks were lovely. Room was what I ordered. HOWEVER, guest services was trash. It was impossible to get new towels and our trash taken out. Had to call multiple times and got greeted with one word answers and awkward hang ups.. And I called about a foul smell in the bathroom and no one responded or came to check on it. Very upset at the guest services.
Super comfy!!!
Clean sheets. Comfort
The hotel is what you would expect from any busy place near Times Square. It was smelly, congested, and not very clean. The only saving grace, was that our room was cool and the beds were comfortable. Definitely not the cleanest.
Great hotel and location.
The view
Nice hotel, very comfortable!
Cheap price from Groupon.
Cheap price from Groupon
The location was great, the accommodations were different and fun, and we had a wonderful time.
Great value for the price in NYC. Awesome check in and check out service. Guest service personnel were warm and inviting. Awesome murals at the end of each hallway. Great add a touch. Our room was clean and efficient for need. We travel our main concern is cleanliness. The Row definitely met that need. The bathroom is small but suitable. Would definitely stay again.
The absolute WORST hotel I've ever stayed at! So bad I didnt stay the night, I was terrified. I thought someone was breaking in my room there was a sketchy connecting door, place is totally outdated, room look like it wld have bed bugs, the "guests" look like they live there like a shelter,they were walking barefoot,place smelled like 1000 cigarettes.It's called the row, should be called skid row!
We had two full size beds and it was so comfortable! I will say that the only hiccup is when you get on elevator. You type the floor you are going to and it tells you what elevator to get on. This is great, except for when 10-12 different groups are told to get on same elevator. So there sometimes is a little wait for that.
really comfy
Room was pretty clean. Found a pair of shoes in the closest so appeared to not be a thorough cleaning. Air conditioner was extremely loud when on. Location was excellent though. I’d stay there again just lower expectations.
We enjoyed our stay.
The best things about the room is that it was spacious, clean, modern, deep and wide bathtub, and last, but not least Quiet and Peaceful.
Poor hotel room. Smelly. Hotel staff not polite
Groupon gave us a total price,however, upon checking in the hotel charged us a $39.00 facilities fee plus tax for the room totaling $43.00. For that price added to the regular price of the room we could have stayed at a 5 star hotel such as Marriott or Hilton.
Good: --Staff was very nice and helpful. --Comfortable beds. --Central location. --Good food court in the hotel. Not good: --When you check in they'll tell you that there's a "mandatory" $40 per night fee for the gym and internet and we didn't use either one. --Rooms are VERY small. --One evening a few of us were quietly relaxing in some comfortable chairs overlooking the bar and they made us move because "it was time to close off that area", which was ridiculous.
My rsvp wasnt on their system when i got there, so they booked another reservation, but then charged me for it! So i paid double, and i was told i would get refunded but its been almost a month and still nothing! Oh and they put me in a standard room but i had paid for a king... luckily the night manager upgraded me or it woulda just bren 1 star...
I love my room and the little view I had it was very nice.. But umm that hallways just creeped me just a little and I'm taking on my friends page cause I felt it was too narrow to me but I love the rooms the view and the building it self
Unable to get a hold of anybody at the hotel.
Rooms were very small. Random breakfast charge on my account. Fire alarm went off at 3am. Day before that security was knocking on our door asking if we were smoking marajuana and we were just sleeping. Security guards near elevators were rude. Kiosk security & receptionist were great! That's why 2 stars.
Disgusting hotel. Very inconvenient. I would never recommend this hotel not even to my worst enemy!
Not what I expected. The room was small, soon you entered the door theres the bed & then the bathroom. Bathroom wasnt clean , razors on floor , tub was dirty. They have nice outside and amenities appeal but need to take more pride in there rooms and cleanliness, if i wasnt here for just one day i would have left!
The hotel was ok, I give it 2.5 stars. The location is great, very central, close to times square andall the touristy attractions. The rooms are extremely small. The beds are comfortable and air-conditioned. The bathroom is very small. Be aware that the hotel charges $40 more per night when you check in, as their "resort" fee, for internet and "business center".
Lovely lobby, but rooms are old and tired!
Bed bugs.
We do not recommend this hotel. For so many reasons. There isnt enough space to share details. Cockroach, Fee charged to use the facilities (what?), poor communication between staff, Dirty room (bring sanitizing wipes if you choose to stay), reserved Fridge never came after promised. Bellmen watched from lobby as we carried luggage in heavy downpours. Do yourself a favor. Look elsewhere.
This hotel was terrible. The elevators didn’t work. The elevator system is ridiculous. The room so small and bathroom had mold in the shower. The security does nothing to help. And they will charge more once you get to your room, they slip a bill under your door while you sleep.
I got charged more money on check out
Ok for value. Small closet size rooms
Stayed in a small room w a king sized bed. The room was super hot all the time. Toilet looks like a toilet from a public restroom. Night stand and closet were stained w some type of gel or liquid that wasn’t cleaned off. Walls are super thin so you can hear pretty much everything. Room didn’t come w a microwave or mini fridge. Very close to Times Square. Elevators are super dirty.
Resort fee. Elevators constantly dirty. Room smelled musty, found hair in tub, rusty hole on bathroom door frame. No phones in room or refrigerators. Convenient location. Beds/lined changed daily but no type of air freshner used. The best thing was the City Kitchen and candy shop restaurants at the hotel.
Not great. The room was nice, but the fire alarm went off for no reason and I waited over 30 minutes for security to come turn it off. Then I was charged a $34 fee for no apparent reason defeating the point of the Groupon deal.
Conveniently located. Great beds and bedding. Friendly, courteous, helpful staff. Actually had a woman who was vacuuming help us with the computers when we were struggling to print our airline boarding passes. She saw us trying to figure it out and turned off the vacuum and came and helped us out. Awesome! It was around 8 a.m. on Oct 31st. Please give her a raise.
Convenient/nearby to sights such as Times Square etc. Comfortable beds.
Clean room, comfortable beds, quiet room, and we were on the street side. Fun lobby and bar.
Location, location, location !!! Rooms were small but clean. A very busy hotel when we were there and we were still happy with our stay.
Hotel was great. Room was clean all we needed. Hotel staff from check to bartenders to housekeeping was great!!!
I liked this hotel. I mean really liked it. Great for location. A few minutes away from Time Square and the Bagel shop you must try: search for Pick a Bagel. Awesome. It was our first time in New York and we drove there. There's a car park around the corner and because we stayed at the hotel, we got $20 off the 2 night parking. We paid $80 for 2 nights parking. Rooms are great.
Modern, clean, cocktail lounge, food court in lobby, great stadium seating in those areas for people watching in the lobby and outside the windows. Location Location Location! Times Square and next to Subway! Best place and best price!
convenience to Times Square -decent price -
Rooms were nice and clean. The bed was comfortable and the view of the city from our room was beautiful. The room was kind of small, but we stayed for only one night so it was just enough space for us.
Friendly staff,food court.
Convenient location, very helpful staff, and the elevator system was new to me but super cool!
Location. Rooms were very clean. Staff friendly
The location was great and the staff was great. Check in and check out (by phone) was super easy. No complaints.
It was clean, no bed bugs, awesome location, and auper accommodating staff.
Clean rooms. Great beds. Great location.
Terrible staff and room. Our room had black mold as a result of prolonged leak from some room upstairs. Staff didn't care and was less than sympathetic. I would never go back and would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Groupon shouldn't be affiliated with such a dump.
I enjoyed the whole Row experience. Our room was just right.....spotless and tranquil. Loved the City Market...complimentary breakfast, the location, friendliness of their staff.
Good view of city and was upgraded to a better room.
Wonderful stay.
Love it! Pleasant staff, nice and simple (but trendy) hotel - right in the heart of it all.
Location. The extra charges were very upsetting.
The front desk host was very professional and helpful. Very clean and an awesome experience.
Clean reasonable food and deink
Great location, nice room and lobby with good food
Customer service where very rude , the rooms where dirty and the view really sucks theres only 1 windows in the rooms so u can barely see anything wasted my money here
Disappointing in many ways: -Room is "pre-war" - not renovated like the lobby. -Bathroom is extremely small; I could barely fit in the space. -The mandatory $30/night hotel facility fee is a rip-off. It's just an excuse to ask for more money.
There were a series of unfortunate events such as not having a phone in our room and having the wrong dates booked for our stay. We also woke up in the middle of the night to a disgusting oil/ gas smell in our room and had to get a room change. The new room was better but did not get compensated for the night we were woken up to the disgusting smell! Would not return.
Room and bathroom 🚻 were very clean!
We had one full size bed. The bathroom was tiny and felt dirty. There was no TV channel list or anything about the hotel. When I walked on the carpet floor without any socks on, my feet instantly became very itchy. We asked for two extra pillows at the end of the night, and we each woke up with a pimple on our faces. Parking spaces are hard to find, due to being in Times Sq.
The view
Queen bed had enough space for two people.
Stayed at the ROW NYC, location convenient to Times Square, and safe. The lobby lounge was friendly and City Market was nice with lots of choices. Our room was clean and quiet, Will go back
Perfect location. Just enough space for a single person or couple in the full bed room. Indulge and take the NYC tour foe Uptown, Downtown and Staen Island Ferry. Be sure to stop at the photo booth and take a few flicks and have them emailed to you. Totally awesome trip.
Location
When I arrived the reservation was wrong, booked one room with 2 double beds and was told it was for a room with one bed, after showing them my Groupon they agreed it was a mistake but didn't have any double rooms available, they ended up giving us 2 rooms near each other for no additional cost which was great but the customer service I experienced later in the evening was awful! Hence the 4 stars
The service
Nice place to stay at.
Clean and comfortable!!
the location of the hotel
Bright
Great location right by Times Square. The room was cozy but it got the job done.
I loved this hotel. I was 19 at the time and finding hotels with a minimum check in age of 18 was/is hard. The hotel was just a few minutes away from Time Square. I could see the H&M Tower from my room. The room was small(could've been smaller so I'm not complaining), but that was fine. It was very clean and the hotel staff was also great. I would stay at this hotel again and again.
The location is AMAZING!! Right in the middle of the theatre district and the onsite food court is very convenient!
Location location location! Service was exceptional. Staff very accommodating.
Front desk service was great!
location
The cafeteria was diverse and offered many choices to eat.
Location
Location in Time Square area
Location & class
Location
Cesar was fabulous!! He helped get our room straight when we were put in the wrong one. I will definitely recommend!
Location
Very clean and comfortable. Had a beautiful view of the city on the 25th floor. Junior at check-in was great. It was my birthday weekend and he made sure I had a great view. Check out was easy. The room needed a little repair. There was duct tape on the corner of bed, the "ergonomic" desk chair was an old fold up chair and the heater made noise every time it kicked on. Other than that would definitely stay there again. I notice the price is better on the Row NYC website than the Groupon I purchased; so perhaps check the website to see if you can get a better price through the hotel.
This place was great!
The accommodations were lovely -- my girls said it was "perfect for Millenials"
Location, location, location.
Very convenient to the Broadway theaters
The groupon
it is located near all major Times Square locations.
The only negative I would say was the long line for the check in, other than that everything was perfect!
We arrived early and were able to check in right away! Valet parking is worth it to save yourself the headache.
The room was small but it was really cute. Perfect for an over night in NYC! Modern and fun
clean, price except for add on daily charges
Clean rooms ,efficient staff ,great location.
Very convient and nice lounge area.
Very convenient location, close to Times Square and theaters.
Lounge and restaurants
Then proximity to Times Square
The bathtub! It was clean and big enough to soak in. This is a huge plus for someone who lives with a stall shower and just wants to relax in a nice hot bubble bath. Made my day!
The room was very nice, location was VG. Groupon will hit you for a booking fee and the hotel hits u for city hotel tax. Check in was quite long of a wait, elevators seemed to work very slowly. I had a very loud neighbor that talked until 2 - 3 in the morning. I got in about 1 AM and gave it a little time. Hoping that they would settle down, that did not happen. I did contact security and they did handle it- within 30 - 40 minute window
Rooms were clean.
Close to all activities in the area including restaurants. The only thing we did not expect was a total of $89.00 facility fee which I was not told about before booking.
location
Great location and comfortable beds
Hotel is in a great location
Location
the staff was very friendly
location
Location! It was also very clean.
small room, but clean.
I loved that the hotel was close to everything. Check in was easy and painless. The view from the room was nice. The doormen were not helpful. The was a bit small, but otherwise farely clean. The bathroom mirror could use some fixing the silver mirror like base was coming off and you could see a brown based glue that was used to seal it together. Bathroom could have been a little cleaner. Besides that staff/hotel was good.
Great location
The location was perfect for us. The staff was very helpful.
The hotel was near everywhere we wanted to go.
Stores
Easy check-in process
Location
The location in Times Square/Theater Distr
Great location
Locati
Location
was clean, nice looking, convenient, inexpensive, easy transition for check in and check in of bags. Only negative I would have to say is the hallway is a little tight. We had a 2 bed bit for 4 people we would have preferred a little more room.
Room was not as stated in the listing on Groupon, we were looking at the tops of roofs and water towers. We were supposed to have a city view room! Very busy hotel! Lobby was packed with people!
Location - close to all NYC has to offfer
location
Definitely location
Location
Access to Time Square and City Kitche
location
There's a bar in the hotel and city kitchen is connected to the hotel.
Location
It's in Time square
Great location and hotel room very clean
The location. In the theater district, walking distance to Radio City, Time Square and Rockefeller Center. Plus subway 1 block away to get to anywhere else you wanted to go.
The location & ambience - hip and dynamic!
comfortable and room had good storage space for clothes and accessories
The STAFF is the best thing!! The LOCATION is the best thing!! My VIEW was the best thing!! :) I can not say enough about how wonderful this hotel is! Living on Long Island I never HAVE to stay in NYC but, I love this hotel so why not???? This will ALWAYS be my hotel choice and I suggest you try it out!
right near theater district and restaurants
Great hotel!
We had two beds.
felt brand new in a great location
Location, lobby ammenities
location is great for the broadway shows
location,location,location
Location
the view form the room was nice, everything else was pretty subpar. and there were stains all over the bathtub which was fairly gross.
Location
Location
Our room was ready upon check in and every clean.
the hotel is on a great spot, the lobby is cool but the room is VERY small. the bed is very low to the floor, the tub was filthy and housekeeping will keep you up all morning being very loud.
Friendly check in staff.
Location
Location. Decent sized rooms with all the basics.
Location, location, location.
It's location
The hotel associate, Reina, was very nice and helpful: my mom and I were able to get into the room earlier and that really made our trip more enjoyable and smooth.
Love this place!!!! I can't say enough about it. Second time here,and already have a reservation for January. Looking in to a possible December date.....
Location
location,location,location.....oh yeah, the staff were fantastic!!!!
Love the way they updated an older building. Check in was easy, room was nice with view if several Broadway theaters. Will definitely stay there again.
Location & service!!! People were all so friendly!!!
The Row made us feel at home.
Check in
Loved how it was so close to everything in the city!
Was very pleased with the hotel and the convenience of location
Loved the place. Would stay there again particularly for that price!
You can tell some detail to attention wasn't taken during some of the renovations (ie. rot problems with molding just covered in paint), but it didn't really bother us. I can just foresee these flaws coming up as bigger problems down the road because they were simply ignored.
They are remodeling but, still a nice place for a decent price.
Very Nice, Smells Great and Looks Clean
Rooms were super small but great location
I really thought that it was wonderful, the rooms were a little small but everything was really nice.
please fix the AC in the hallways!
We really enjoyed our stay at The Milford. The room was very small, but that was to be expected for the inexpensive Groupon price we were charged. We didn't have any incidents. The stay was uneventful and pleasant.
The only thing I didn't like was how small the rooms were but all the rooms are small on NYC....
It was a great experience, the rooms were very comfortable and a great price. Highly recommend it!
Thank you. Had a great stay
Although the rooms were small, we found we had everything we need and all the decor and fixtures were new, modern, and very much appreciated. We particularly liked the large TV, although allowing it to tilt or turn a bit would help that small room out a lot. The updating was done with excellent taste and made us feel very comfortable. We would suggest a little more sound proofing as we were awoken by sounds in the hall a few times. We would recommend this hotel to those who want a fantastic location and all the modern comforts of a hotel but want to do so on a budget.
Good deal
When I was staying at the Milford hotel there was construction going on which was fine because where my room was it was very quiet. I do have one complaint though. Every time I called the front desk there was no answer.. Every time! It was very annoying after the first 10 times so I walked down to the front desk and when I asked why there was no answer the girl told me it was because they were busy which was funny to me because there was no one at the desk but me. But other than that I did enjoy the room and the theme.
Good for all stars
Would be nice if you offered some smoking rooms
Horrible customer service
Rooms are very small ! At 10am they had a fire drill woke us up ! I felt like I was in a prison or the purge the lights and the person over the PA I DID NOT FEEL LIKE I WAS IN A HOTEL IN NYC
Please cancel my reservation
Rooms dirty, management sucks!!! Say there going too fix situation room was so hot and sent worker up too fix 1AM was in and out for hour and work up 7AM was so hot wasn't funny!!! Been there 4 or 5 times and would sleep in my car before ever staying there again..! Becareful if booking when you checkout because they charged for hotel fee, parking, but another $49.94 that nobody can answer!!! Over last year manager has changed everytime checking in. Another party was complaining during checkout that room was dirty and had used condoms in drawer!!! I'll never stay there ever again!!!
Floor didn't look like it was cleaned. The room was so cold and heater was not working. After a guy fixed it, it made noisy sound throughout the night. It was horrible!!
Room is ok, a step above motel 6, But the staff was extremely rude when we called for a late check out! She simple screamed NO and hung up. It's a Monday how come we can't stay till 3? Check in is not till 4 and our flights not till tonight. Nope they would not accommodate this. Won't stay here again Oh yea an the resort fee is upwards $50, not worth it
I arrived in the evening time and the guy standing outside watching me take all of my bags out of my car including one that was completely ripped and he watch me walk all the way upstairs with them instead of offering me help. While I was checking out one of your hallway service people ask my wife if she was homeless. Some people just need to be better about people skills.
Noticed our toilet making a loud noise hours after we had used it and a few minutes later there was sewage in our bath tub, so, needless to say we did not take a shower. Absolutely disgusting!!! I was horrified!!! The room also, was not cleaned well and their was dust and dirt everywhere. The rooms are also the smallest hotel rooms I have ever seen and finding your room is a feat.
Very dirty, lobby, rooms, furnature was old and worn.Elevator was suppose to be being checked and would be down 5 mins. thirty minutes later it was still down, we had to ride a service elevator that stopped at every floor. No A/C in halls or on elevator. My granddaughter, and I were their to see Lion King. This made us miss the first thirty minutes of show. By the time we arrived on the lobby floor from service elevator, my make up was running off my face, and our clothes was wet!
This hotel is worst than a one star hotel, rooms are very small, behind the bed and night stand was very dirty, bathroom is very outdated, plus they changed you 30 dollars + tax per day for wifi and phone use, mandatory, I will never use this hotel again, Luis Portal
The housekeeper kept harassing us since 9 am trying to rush rooms cleaned when check out us at 12 ! Stayed here 3 times before never had this problem but I won't come back because of this ! Knocking on the door at 9 Am after I just told her I'm leaving at check out time , then giving me attitude pointing at her watch like hurry up ..never again .. I paid just as much money as the next guest !
Groupon is a rip-off and this hotel is absolutely horrible!!!! Do NOT purchase!
They put me in the wrong room and when they tried to give me another room for the inconvenience there was someone already staying there. They blamed Groupon for sending the wrong room information but l never experienced a hotel more disorganized than this.
The room was tiny with a small little window facing an old dirty generator. The room smacked us in the face with the smell of mildew. It felt like I spent the night in someone's dirty bathrm. There minimalist style was taken a little far when my husband and I were given 1 towel to wash with and a TV w/ no remote. I figure they felt the room was so small we could change the channel from our bed.
The room was exceedingly small. The bed was in an awkward position that makes it impossible for the second person to get up without rolling on top of the first person or risk walking into the TV. I never took my shoes off except to bathe. Fortunately it was only 1 night. Stay away!
Would absolutely never recommend it. We ended up with 4 people and 2 twin beds. The hotel had my reservation under my email so around 11:30pm, the hotel decided they needed to dispatch security who was beating on my door demanding my name and refused to show any ID. They later called up until 1am for my credit card info again. Promised credits were not received. Room was ridiculously small.
Very dated
When I got to the hotel I was told my room was down graded due to being overbooked , I ended up with a twin size bed and no view. To top it all off I was not refunded any money paid for the deluxe room . What a joke
Over priced, hidden fees, small rooms, mediocre staff.
the rooms look as though they were cut in half, 4 elevators were not working had to wait over 20mins to get on an elevator, also were not able to check in until 4:00pm and were asked to check out at 12:00pm losing approximately 4hrs.
Bad experience Groupon according to the hotel over sold there allotted block of rooms causing my room to be downgraded and me and my fiancé having to sleep in separate twin beds, I paid for a deluxe room with a city view and what I received was a room in the back of nowhere with 2 twin beds ruined our weekend
I'm here and they can't find the reservation so
i actually love the hotel but on this trip we got there and were told they were booked and i couldnt stay there meanwhile i made these reservation over three months ago.
Booked this hotel in November for a weekend trip in February. When I arrived at the hotel after parking my vehicle the hotel informed me that they were overbooked and I did not have a room there. They informed me I was being relocated to the Stewart Hotel. This hotel was 10 block away, I had to walk with my luggage to the new location. While the Stewart Hotel was nice this was not in the area I wanted to stay. I would not have booked this trip if I knew I was being relocated to a different hotel. ROW NYC also should have informed me prior to my arrival that they were over booked, they also offered nothing for this inconvenience.
I'd love to be able to review this but since it was overbooked we never got to stay here. After a 6 hr flight to get here, we were sent packing to another hotel. Our friends did stay her (which split up our party). Not happy with this hotel.
It was one of the worst days of my entire life never have I felt so comfortable in the lobby know for over two hours everything was out-of-control they gave me a double bed instead of a queen size bed everything is well no one could follow instructions
It was the worst day of my entire life never ever what I ask anyone or tell anybody over for anybody to this hotel they had me in the hallway for over two hours
The room was gross. It was very dirty and poorly maintained. There was dry paint all over the room. The corners of the room were not clean and the bathroom window had mold all over it. Also the common areas weren't that great either.
Rude staff To hot in room no control over heat
DO BOT BOOK HOTELS THROUGH GROUP ON. I paid for a queen and received a full and group on says too bad. BEWARE AND USE PRICELINE.
We were very disappointed with both the service & the room here. We arrived early, at 9 am, so the receptionist told us that we would receive an email when our room was ready. Come 5 pm - still no email. We went back to check. The man at the desk was rude and short with us. After finally getting into our room, it was nothing as described, dirty, moldy and much smaller than it appeared in pictures.
Room was very small, not overly clean,outdated and loud
do not book this hotel. They do not care what room you paid for they will only give you what room they have available.
Very busy lobby Room could use some dusting Small room Good location & nice little food court next to it
The only advantage of this hotel is the location.. The room was small, dirty and the so called city view was just not existed!! Furthermore, the window didn't close how it should be so it was very loud during the whole night! I will never book this hotel again!
I was convinced by my friend who I was traveling with to book this place and I ended up regretting it. I recommend booking a room further out from Times Square. This place was overpriced for what you get.
Found roaches in the room. Booked a queen, got a full. Much better places to stay around Times Square at the same price or better.
Cramped. Didn't even vaguely conform to description.
concierge service was very unpleasant
rooms too small
Tiny overpriced room
The elevators took forever! It was hot and musty in the hallways
