The lovely lady at checkin was fabulous. The room staff was not as attentive. For 5 adults we ran out of toilet paper two different days and the shower was not clean. Hotel is in a great location and good size for 4-5 people
Great location. And lobby. Rooms are super tiny and AC was not very strong. I think overall it’s probably just smarter to stay a bit farther away from Times Square and either save money or get a nicer hotel for the $$$.
The elevator situation in this hotel frustrates all guests. The elevators are too small and too slow. You often would wait more than 10 minutes to get aboard one. Also, the rooms don't have blinds, just semi-transparent pull-down shades.
Times Square proximity , fair pricing , breakfast availability
One elevator working out of three. Very long waits.
Every thing was good except the elevator was down had to use the stairs alot other than that greay service
The elevators were terrible! They take forever and with the amount of people who come in and out of the hotel they should work on that. Other than that it was great!
I loved the location- the hip lobby and the spacious family rooms. I didn’t like that lotion isn’t included in the amenities. Also a big dislike was the noisy air conditioning. It was a hot Labor Day weekend in NYC and we cranked the AC up... and it made a racket all night making it difficult to sleep. Also you can hear the sirens and everything outside through the night and it was very noisy too.
The property is located ideally for the Times Square area. The queen bed room was a pretty good size, but the bathroom was very small. Parking was across the street, which is convenient.
Close to time Sq Beds a plus. Air condition a plus Elevators c plus very clean !!!!
The location if the hotel is perfect and if you’re not picky the hotel is fine. I have to say that I was slightly disappointed when I first saw our room because the pictures looks a lot nicer. The size if the room did not bother us because we barely spent time in the room. The elevators are busy during certain times so I would suggest that you get up a little earlier for a quicker elevator ride. All in all we did not have a bad stay and everything was clean. The hotel itself just need a little extra tlc itself.
Walking out of the elevator on the 6th floor was a scary thing. I felt that I was going to be staying at an old rooming house. The dark hallway and doors were old and uninviting. Although the small room was pretty clean, the bathroom was very tiny and it took 7 minutes for the water in the shower to heat up. Would never stay there again and would not recommend it to others.
Highly, highly recommend this Hotel. Although not without it's issues so worth it due to location and staff. Rooms are the size of a jail cell, the a/c is found, but cold, and the bathroom fan needed cleaning. Floor was a little dirty and bed small but NONE of this should discourage staying here because you're not going to be in the room much anyway, it's NYC!
We had a great stay here! This hotel is literally around the corner from the heart of Times Square without all the noise. It is also close to many theaters. We had no problems with check-in or elevators, staff was nice. Don’t be scared away by reviews that mention small rooms...it’s Manhattan! Unless you want to pay an arm and a leg elsewhere, the rooms are on the small side but our room was more and adequate and clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay again!
Perfect Location. Modern and remodeled rooms. Bathroom can be too small and they charge you urban fees plus the advs price.
There was hairs in the bathroom, and red stains on the floor
The front desk person, Suni, was amazingly professional and helpful. She was the bright light of the staff.
Very clean, nice amenities, excellent restaurant attached. Great location for theatre district.
There was no internet password stored in the room. When called, helpdesk does not answer. Front desk is rude on phone. I had to go down to get my password correct. Rooms are very small. And not well maintained. Very old
Nothing is unique. Based on the price I thought it would maintain a certain level of standard. But I was highly upset with that standard. At first I was given a room which was small like a bathroom and the window opens into the pumps and generators. I paid 150 dollars for that. Then when I asked them is this the best you can offer. Then he said ok I thought you won't ask. Then the front desk person gave a room in the 12th floor with a better view but small room. The problem why do I need to fight for better condition when I am paying the price. Why is the promptness missing from the services? Worst hotel I have ever stayed in US.
Room and bed were smaller than expected and the hallway was very noisy. You could hear everything and there was some sort of construction going on the floor early in the morning. There was no "Do Not Disturb" sign so had housekeeping knocking on the door early in the morning. The bathroom was small and there were several small knats all over the shower. The staff was very nice though and the location is good if you want the Broadway experience.
I got a room with balcony. But it's under construction. Pointless to pay additional money for the room. Rooms very small. Pillows very flat, not the usual hotels. Location is the only convenience.
Although the staff is extremely polite and professional, The Gallivant is essentially a very old property that has been only cosmetically renovated. Number 1 problem is that there are only 2 tiny, old, slow-moving elevators for 16 floors. There is a third service elevator, but it is not used by any of the hotel's cleaning and maintenance staff, which means the other 2 elevators invariably end up stopping on every single floor during the day. Given that they are not air-conditioned, a ride in them can be torture on a summer's day. I stayed for 3 days. On the second day, I found a huge dead roach on the floor. I called housekeeping to remove it but they had left for the day, so the roach stayed with me until I checked out.
Besides the elevator that was super slow, which led me to take the stairs to my room on the 13th floor more than once... And the housekeeping closet that always seemed to be open with piles of rubbish everywhere, everything was fine.
The front desk staff was a little inattentive. At check in there were 3 people but only 1 actually doing anything and at check out the same. The elevators took forever and the door on 1 kept opening. We had to hold the close door button to get it to stay closed to get it to go. The other stopped at every floor going down. Hope it was someone playing a joke and pushing the down button on every floor. Overall it was comfortable for a one night stay.
Didn’t appreciate being near the elevator too loud . Plus wasn’t pleased with the extra $35.00 fee for amenities I didn’t use !!
Great hotel, great location.
While the room was very clean, the furniture was worn and used. The front desk staff was not exceptionally nice or helpful. I asked a couple of questions about directions and flight departure and he staff was very short and seemed bothered.
Perfect location. Our stay was pleasant and the staff were friendly. I would stay here again.
Great location and staff very helpful. Trish on the front desk was professional and helpful. The premium room was a reasonable size with bunks and queen bed were comfortable. Parking garage across the street was easily accessible.
Our room was dirty, sheets weren’t changed. Also the AC unit shut on and off all night long every 5 seconds, so you went from being cold to sweating in a matter of seconds. Very uncomfortable.
Basic amenities in room, SUPER SMALL bathroom with only half of the shower covered with glass which meant a very wet floor and subsequently using towels to dry it, great location in the theater district. Small bottles of water and/or spa water was available at the front desk daily. We were upgraded to a queen deluxe, which was still rather small. Fortunately it was just my 10 year old and me and the room was not where we spent much time.
Air condition broken. Two days to alleviate the situation. Resort fee is not accurate on Hotels.com Expect to pay more Rooms are adequate but worn down Flies in shower - - Housekeeping starts at 8 am and are loud - a lot of the noise pollution is due to paper wall construction Great for a show trip: close to all theaters Management was helpful but don’t expect too much
The hotel staff was very nice. Housekeeping was not very attentive - expected clean sheets on day 2, but they just made up the bed and didn't change the sheets.
Close to Broadway, Times Square, Subway. Staff was very helpful. Love that they had free water for you to take if needed. Room was a little run down - furniture was worn and scratched, but very comfortable and didn't bother me. Bathroom was big. Would recommend.
This hotel is very well located only a few blocks from Broadway and Time Square. There is free water in the lobby and porters available to help with luggage. It is well kept and clean. They even offered us a luggage keeping service for a reasonable fee so that we could check out, but still explore the city without having to take our luggage with us. Parking is available for a fee and the garage is right across the street from the hotel with full valet service included. We booked the family room and it comfortable slept our family of 6. The only problem we encountered was that the elevator was small and always full. Since the hotel has 15 floors, if you are located near the top, this can be a problem - having to wait a long time to actually get on the elevator at times.
I travel for work and like to stay in Times Square. The Gallavant was a great choice for being in the heart of Times Square. Clean, modern hotel. Like many hotels in the area, the elevators were small but fit a good amount of people. They were slow though. The room was very nice and comfy. Couldn't hear outside noise. AC worked well. The bathroom was a tight fit - even for NYC. The room was very spacious with a lot of unused space - I wish they had given the bathroom a few extra inches from the room. Would definitely stay again.
We didn’t love staying in Times Square, but it was convenient. The rooms were very small. Service was ok, but not great. Think it’s pricey for the value
The room was small and my bathroom was nicer than the room itself. They were stains on my bed sheets and I could feel the bed springs in my bed. Overall, I would not stay here again.
There was no hot water most mornings. You had to let it run for 15 minutes. My bathrooms shower head was half broken off the wall so there was barely any pressure. My room was booked as “deluxe” but it was anything but.
Nothing No have brake fast and parking included I don’t like this hotel
My husband and I spent a week at The Gallivant, and the hotel exceeded our expectations. Our room was small, but had been recently updated and was clean and comfortable. The elevators were very slow and small, and I would not recommend the breakfast, but overall we had a great stay. I appreciated the wifi, the staff was helpful enough, and the location cannot be beat. Would definitely stay again.
The 6 person family room was perfect! Very spacious and clean.
Great location! It was so close to everything, and fairly clean. It was an old building, which I’m fine with, but the walls were so thin I was woken up at about 6am every morning to the chatter and incredibly loud slamming of doors as people were leaving their rooms. Also, the housekeeping in the hallways carried on so loudly while cleaning I never was able to sleep past 6am. I finally got some earplugs and that helped significantly. That was my biggest complaint. Rooms were small but sufficient for what I needed. I was barely in my room but to sleep.
Check-in and check-out were simple and fast. The room was small, housekeeping didn't pay attention to detail. We had to request towels and washcloths every evening when we returned. Housekeeping had forgotten to put them in the room. Housekeeping carts were left in the hallway, the elevator was slow, very slow. I don't know why the staff would take the elevators out of service at peak times, but 2 of the 3 elevators would get stuck in the top or bottom floors. Housekeeping was nice and responsive when asked, which lead me to believe they were overwhelmed. The hotel was dark. I really appreciated the bottled water offered at the front when we departed or return.
I booked this hotel because of its location (super convenient to trains and Times Square), its clean and modern interiors, and its price compaired to other rooms in the area. But after the extra hotel fees (an "Urban" fee just because there are some tables and power outlets in the lobby, really?) and the taxes, I felt that the cost of my stay wasn't worth it. I had a balcony room with an exterior door that wouldn't close all the way, a rattling air conditioner, no in-room hair dryer, missing in-room coffee, the wait for the elevators was ridiculous every time, the gym had about 3 pieces of equipment in it, and the staff at check-in and check-out were far from friendly. The hotel is way better than some others in NYC, but to pay that much and not have things be great just wasn't worth it, in my opinion.
