It is old and not very clean. But the staff were okay.
The carpet was dated. Very few cable stations. No cnn msnbc espn weather channel. Very average.
Hotel furnishes were old and dirty. Bed was very comfortable. Took 5 minutes to get hot water to shower. Window A/C was noisy and barely adequate.
Older building but great location friendly staff and good price.
Just don’t think price was comparable to the stay
Very nice stay. I would stay here again. Highly recommend
Check in was quick, hotel room is so small and dreary as very old/run down. The door to the bathroom would not close! Very awkward. The shower took a long time to get hot water. Bed was not very comfortable. Room smelled funny like shampoo-ed carpet. Good location by the park. The water in lobby was nice touch. Housekeeping was very very nice.
The staff was very friendly. That's where it ends. The rooms were very small, outdated and uncomfortable. The walls need painted in the hallway - the wallpaper is awful. In addition there's a daily fee you pay. They say it's for fast speed internet, free water a day, online newspapers (not sure how this was suppose to be accessed) and snacks from 4-6pm. It doesn't matter - half the time I couldn't connect to the internet and when I did connect it was so slow. I felt like I was on dial up again. There was an ice machine in the basement - the basement was scary - I really would not have been surprised had I seen a rat. There was a mini fridge in the room - and I do mean mini. We had leftovers and had a difficult time fitting them in. The fridge has a glass door and the light is on constantly- hard to sleep with it and the noise. I would not recommend staying here unless you can't afford any other option.
It was fine for one night. There was no deadbolt or physical lock on the door. So I could not lock it on the inside. This could allow anyone with an electronic key card to enter. The location was good and the staff friendly,
Location was amazing fairly quiet on a Friday night.
The hotel room looked more like a cheap motel. I found this roach/bug in the bathroom floor
Room was very dark I requested a high level room with a good view which I didn’t get. The room was very outdated the tv wasn’t even calibrated to fit the screen each channel was too big to be displayed on the small tv bath towels where ok not too bad the bathroom smelled bad like the shower curtains where not cleaned it smelled like sweat The ceiling was recently patched up and looked like some just finished repairing it bed was too low to the floor the pillows were very comfortable the bed was very outdated and stiff
Run down hotel
The room me and my boyfriend stayed in was very dirty and lighting in the room was horrible and tv didn’t work
Staff is very friendly and room is very clean. I love this place
I stayed here with my family. It was not a pleasant experience.
Clean, modern furniture and staff went out of their way to make sure I was taken care of.
This hotel is in a beautiful location, the staff I encountered were nice. But the room was horrible, I kept my bag on the bed. Smelt musky. There was little tabletop ironboard without any surface to put it on - no table/desk/dresser. The bed was like sleeping on wire, and low to the floor almost. The space was about 10 ×7. The bathroom was ok. That hotel should be rated 1.5.. Also, NO CABLE TV. I hope Iwas not selectively give that room. Least I am in the medical profession. You may find me on goggle.
Room was very2 small ...everythings its good
Me and my girlfriend checked in at 10am, fully aware that our room would not be ready until check-in time (3pm). So we left our luggage at the hotel and came back at 5pm to get our key. After being told by the receptionist that our room was not ready yet (2 hours after check-in time, 7 hours after we checked in!!), we had to wait another hour in the lobby. Of course, the wait was not even worth it, because the rooms are EXTREMELY SMALL. Don't look at the photos. Seriously. Our room was small to the point where we didn't even have space to open our luggage properly! On top of that, the fridge was working half of the time, the "ac" is just a loud, dirty fan that blasts cold air at you, and the shower water flow sucks. You'll know what I mean if you end up having to stay here.
The location was perfect because I wanted to be by Central park. And Glenny was a very nice receptionist.
The staff was very helpful. They offered suggestions on where to eat, guidance on using local transportation, and housekeeping was outstanding. The hotel was about a 20-25 minute walk to Columbia University, the Apollo in Harlem and right across the street from Central Park. Subways entrances were also close and convenient. No cable television, nor breakfast are served here. Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. For those looking for an affordable hotel room in Upper West Manhattan it should suit your needs.
Great
Perfect location, clean and modern but very small!!
Honestly it was not worth the 150 deposit and the extra fee there was no CABLE the AC was old and kept turning off... The customer service is awesome but for the high rate of upper Manhattan might as well pay the 250 for lower Manhattan
The area is nice, but the hotel is very run down. The rooms are so small that it was hard to move around. The room was literally never cleaned, nor the AC filter because the air smelled bad. The first night it smelled like cigarette smoke and couldn’t sleep because of it. They moved us to another room, and this one had the bathtub clogged. It was just one thing after another. Pretty disappointing stay for sure.
Very frustrating experience. Hotel charges a $20 "resort fee" per day, which is supposed to cover wifi and some other amenities...I can't even remember what the other supposed amenities were. Wifi was incredibly weak and didn't even work half of the time. The television didn't work in either my room or my colleague's room. I travel a lot to NYC and book travel for colleagues traveling through the city. I will not be staying at Park West again, nor will I put any of my colleagues there.
Overall, I enjoyed my time here at this hotel while I was in NYC. Staffs here were very friendly and made check in very easy. One thing any guest that come here that needs to know is that the room are small. As I was the only one traveling, I didn't need the largest room, so it worked out for me. Even with it just me, it did feel a little tight. The room looked very nice. It has a modern feel to it. The bed are on the firmer side, but even with me preferring a softer bed, I slept very well and refreshed. The bathroom is pretty standard, not crazy. The only thing is one of the morning I stayed, the hot water wasn't warm. at least for me, I prefer a colder shower, so I didn't mind too much, but of course, this could be a big issue. In the room, there is a refrigerator, with 2 Fiji waters bottle. This is part of the $19.95 fee you pay per night. The room does not have a microwave in case you are wondering, however, I was eating out most of the time or eating meal that didn't need a microwave, so it was not a big deal. The room has a window A/C unit. For my room, it did its job, however, the room may not be cold during the day with the summer heat. The A/C unit is loud. Along with the NY outside noise and the loud A/C unit, this might bother you. So consider bringing ear plugs. But for me, I'm a heavy sleeper, so it takes a lot for me to wake up from loud noise. As I did not need too much extra features, this hotel was perfect for me, especially for it being next to Central Park.
The airconditioner and the mattress was in good condition.Bathroom was old and dirty .Elevator was too small .Extra charges
Being in the hospitality industry- I feel like this hotel has so much potential but just a majorly missed opportunity for this hotel.
Good hotel considering price/service rate
Woke up to roaches in bathroom. Other then the roaches had a good stay.
really small room but over all it was okay. I suggest living their by yourself. A family would be too crowded.
My stay met expectations. Bed was comfortable. Staff were friendly, particularly the morning staff. The room was below average, with a broken door lock, broken light switch, and a cracked (but completely functional) toilet.
Very good service on the front desk but the hotel is terrible
It is nice address, in front to Central park, but some rooms don't have any light from the outside and little narrow
It was nice and the rooms were clean but the people in the lobby weren't very nice but not bad
I liked the ease of the location though being on the ground floor was a noisy morning.
Good location. Reasonable price and clean. I would stay there again.
My stay was pretty good. My friends and I enjoyed the convenience of the hotels location as well as the price For what we got. However, this is a rather small hotel, and a bit old. But, it has been kept up very well and renovated to meet modern standards. For young people on a budget, this hotel works.
Just what I needed when I needed it. That's all i have to say.
Professional courteous staff. Location excellent right across from Central Park and easy access to public transportation
Room was very nice and so was the service. Will use this hotel again!
small rooms, the hotel hasn't been renovated in a long time
Great location (quick walk to subway) , the staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were sufficient. TWO USB plugs, cold A/C and a mini fridge. You really can't beat this room for the price in the city.
Proximity is really good, along with price. But in saying this, it will cost more in subway fares, snacks/food/drinks because neither are included in the cost.
Very small rooms with extremely loud and cheap window units. The first day the elevator wasn’t working. No coffee makers.
This property was outdated. The WiFi barely worked spent almost $150 for 1 night and would have rather driven over and hour back home before staying here again. The hotel was horrible. The ice machine didn’t work. The hallway was very narrow. The room was nice but really small. They didn’t have a door stopper for the door outside our room they used a rolled up towel.
Bad service, from desk never gave me the card to use correctly the shower and teléfono on the room was not working.
Located within minutes of 103rd st subway. Room was clean for an older hotel. Don’t expect much for amenities for this price range, and room is basically for sleeping, after all you’re in NYC. Hot water took forever to get hot if not at all.
The location of the hotel was great. Room was extremely small and ice machine was not working. Parking? Not! Other than that, actually pretty nice. I would stay there again.
Location was excellent- across the street from Central Park, and a super short walk to the subway! Size of the room is enough and amenities were just okay - I’m not in the city to stay in my hotel though, haha. So it sufficed! Private bathroom was great! WiFi was a little spotty, but that’s not a big deal for me. Was nice having a doorman to greet the guests as they entered. :)
It was a great stay for the money. It's not perfect, but overall its affordable and clean. Reminds me of alot of the small hotels I've stayed at in Europe. Staff was friendly. Not tons to do in area, but quiet.
It was all great. Tiny little rooms right off Central Park. Excellent value. Would stay again
Location not too bad. We had a double bed small room, very small elevator but overall worked out for what we needed it a quick place to spend the night. Didnt spend much time in the room
Very neat,clean and close almost everything. The only thing is the space in rooms but excellent hotel!
I was scared to stay here after reading the reviews but it’s fine, really. The resort fee that they charge you a $20 per day is total crap, so just add it to the price of the hotel that you’re being charged and suck it up if you’re getting a great deal. The rooms are super small but if you’re planning on being in New York to do things and be places and visit things then that doesn’t really matter. If you are staying for a romantic getaway and you plan on spending a lot of time in the room, this is probably not the hotel for you. The hotel is about two blocks from the subway which is super easy and super convenient and the neighborhood is really safe to walk in at night or at any time, which makes this location super awesome. About two blocks away I’m in Columbus and Amsterdam is the Cathedral of St. John the divine and restaurants in Columbia University which is super cool to look at them walk around and it’s a really vibrant neighborhood which has a lot of stuff to do in a lot of places to eat which is cool. If you forget stuff there’s a whole foods and a TJ Maxx and some other bigger chains a couple of blocks away too. The staff will not find all over you or rush to greet you or go the extra mile but they are friendly if you ask for help or recommendations and give you some suggestions if you need them. Our room was turned down every night and was fairly clean but there were blemishes on the room like paint splatters or discolored ceiling. It was fine to use as homebase.
Ac window unit was not the greatest. Tiny rooms. Extremely old and outdated. Not worth the money.
I didn’t like anything at all .It wasn’t as good as I thought it would be .
The staff themselves were very nice but this hotel needs some SERIOUS renovating. There was a crack in the bathroom sink, The bathroom door looked like it was kicked in, one of the outlets seemed faulty, the tv was playing re-runs from the 70’s and earlier etc. I blame myself for not checking the reviews before booking but this was by far the most questionable stay I’ve ever done in a hotel.
Biggest scam ever - hotel doesn't look like anything in their website, room for 2 double beds looks and feels like a jail cell with bathroom that looks exactly like a bathroom of a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant; the hallways and elevator are so suffocatingly narrow - this hotel needs to be condemned! (we booked for 3 nights but stayed only one night which was the most miserable night of our lives)
Unfortunately I read the reviews for this place after I booked. The were very bad with photos to support just how gross this place is. Unfortunately the reservation was non refundable, so we ended up losing our money because there was no way we were going to stay here.
We only stayed there for a night and it was a very unpleasant experience. To start the elevator was broken (but I guess that happens). The ceiling of pur room was moldy. I attempted to take a shower and the drained was clogged. We called the front desk and they sent someone in, who said the issue was not an easy fix. They did not move us to another room, but told us to wait for them to get a snake. We waited for one and a half hours and no one got back. By then it was 9:30 and we were too tired, so we slept without being able to shower. Save your money and stay somewhere else!
Great location and that's about all that's positive. The elevators did not work and I had to carry my luggage up six flights of stairs, a cramped and twisted journey. I had to step over bags of hallway trash and debris while climbing stairs. The room, while clean, is no bigger than a postage stamp. Expedia should drop this hotel from the listing.
Very small rooms, not many amenities. The only positive is that it was close to Central Park.
Overall, I was disappointed with this hotel. It’s a great location, but the room was very small & smelled odd. The television didn’t work consistently + the a/c unit was loud & ineffective. The staff weren’t very helpful either. The last straw was the internet that you pay for within the “resident fee” was weak.
Photos showing this hotel are definitely photoshopped. I’m convinced that this is a working girls hotel and I don’t mean girl bosses. Our room was filthy and unsafe considering that the locks on the door were sawed off and altered so the door would not lock. Tried to call downstairs from the hotel phone and it wasn’t even working even though it was connected. I was concerned for my safety called Hotels.com they did nothing nor did they try to get us a refund. The hotel wouldn’t give us a refund and I didn’t even stay in that dilapidated moldy smelly uncomfortable room. The overall hotel is very dark, dirty, creepy and unsafe. I really felt that I would be in danger if I stayed so I left to go to a safe clean and reliable branded hotel. Paid a lot more but I could rest easy knowing I wouldn’t be awakened with a stranger in my room because the door didn’t close or lock and the phone didn’t work. I don’t recommend single women stay there and if you do stay at your own risk. Unfortunately the photos we took won’t load in this review but do not be deceived by the fake reviews they have about how great this motel is. Hotels.com should remove this before something bad happens to a guest because they have vouched for this fraudulent hotel by having it on their site. STAY AWAY!!! SAFETY IS A GREAT CONCERN. The hotels knows this and that is why they don’t refund monies. Because most people want to leave within hours of arriving.
Not good dirty facility is very bad . Broken sinks broken tubs . Bathroom doors not operating properly getting locked in and not being able to get out of bathroom ! 
Front desk staff were unfriendly and rude. Hallways were poorly cleaned , rooms were the size of a dorm rooms. Certainly well located, but not worth the cost.
It was in a great location. The rooms were small and the tv was broken.
Just a really loud AC unit. You could not hear the TV and have the AC on at the same time. I made this complaint while staying there to be helpful and they responded to me/you saying that the matter had be remedied, etc. However, there was never a discussion with the hotel staff beyond getting checked in. It is a PERFECT location and a great place to stay beyond that one negative thing.
This has been one horrible experience. When we did our check in we were given a room where the A/C was broken. We talked to the front desk who said was going to gives us another room later that same day. We went to have dinner and when we came back the front desk employee was different and had no information regarding our case. We explained to him and he asked if we needed the A/C to sleep. Appalled by the question I told him that he could go inspect the room himself. After a very unpleasant questioning he gave us another room that had the toilet broken and we could not use it at all. We were not given another room since there was no other according to the guy in the front desk who was irritated by the fact that we were not comfortable in a room that was not useful since the bathroom was off limits. I will never again stayed at this hotel. They were unable to make our experience any better and were not apologetic at any time.
Overall the hotel was nice but hold not to your credit cards. I paid on hotels.com and so far since the 27th they have made the following deductions from my account. $150. $18.41, $118, and the best this morning $284. All this and I paid in full prior to the booking. They are a bunch of crooks as far as I am concerned. All they do is apologize and correct it but it’s not worth the hassle.
Really dissapointed in our stay here. Air conditioner sounded like a truck driving through a brick wall, toilet clogged after my daughter peed in it (obviously it was having issues before that). Deadbolt didn't work, lever just spun in circles. No cable TV, just antenna channels. I called about AC and toilet issues 3 times, was told "ok, we'll send someone up". I went down after 45 minutes of nobody coming up, desk was empty and guy at the door says "I'll send someone up" as he ran down a set of stairs. Their resolution: AC unit is old, don't use it, open the window (which had no screen). I asked for a fan to be sent up, they had no fans. Asked for another room, they were all booked, sorry. Can you fix the toilet? We'll send someone right up. That was 10pm. 10 am next morning I had to call twice more to ask for toilet to be plunged. Place was overall dingy, stains on a pillow and some washcloths, they also kept the housekeeping cart, vacuumand a pile of "clean" linens right outside my door, classy. This place is a dump of massive proportions. Avoid it at all costs.
Liked: convenience to Columbia University and Central Park; pleasant housekeeping staff for our floor after we moved; refrigerator; free water bottles daily; free luggage storage when we arrived early. Disliked: broken singular elevator and having to climb five flights of stairs for two days until repaired; one flight had a broken rail for narrow stairwell, later fixed; bathroom door off the hinges, also repaired; first room with no hair dryer and so small that could not unpack for our six nights but did allow us to move; television only had basic satellite and no CNN, MSNBC or Comedy Central. So, a mixed bag of the good and bad.
When booking, I noticed comments noted the rooms were small and I rolled my eyes because duh this is New York, where space is at a premium and who goes there and spends a lot of time in their room anyway, so I wasn't surprised that the room is really, really, REALLY small (and I like the Pod hotels.) The air-conditioner is unbelievably noisy. But the real kicker was the rip-off at the end, where they insisted we pay an additional $50 for water we didn't drink, wi-fi we didn't use, luggage we didn't store. I am disputing this ridiculous charge, of course. But be aware: they're really aggressive rip-off artists. Manager was excessively rude and full of BS, claiming that all New York hotels since February have this charge whether you use the service or not, and that I had agreed to it (I've read what I clicked--I didn't agree.) We were there for an event at Columbia University, so the location was good, but next time I'll just walk a little farther, and I recommend other Columbia-based guests do so too.


