We liked that the hotel had a bit of history and the diner was good. Also the coffee kiosk in the lobby was good. The rooms were pretty shabby. I can appreciate the desire to maintain the art-deco style but our room looked heavily used and didn't look to have been redecorated for some time. The seal around the small bath/shower was coming away and the windows aren't double glazed so you can escape the sound of horns and sirens in your room while trying to sleep. Was also bitten by some mosquito or something during the night nearly every night. That said, it's not terrible but could be a lot better.
I injuried my knee on the first night in NY. The staff helped by briging a shower chair, providing information to rent a scooter (Big Apple Mobility), and the phone number for the cab company so I could request wheelchair accessible transportationto help get around and enjoy my first visit to NY. I can't begin to thank the staff enough for everything they did to help. If I ever return to NY, I would stay at the New Yorker. Thank you to the Staff!
Enjoyed my stay at the New Yorker very much. Unfortunately we didn't use any of its facilities,as we were trying to make the most of our stay in Manhattan. Every morning we would walk out and get into the subway and travel around the city. Ideal as everything is a short distance away and after a long day its nice to walk only a few minutes from the subway stop to your hotel.
conceirge was rude and unhelpful when I asked for things to do in NY Room Service came 9-9.15am banging on door two mornings. First time telling me to open the door which seems very strange.
The location is absolutely great in mid town, at the corner of 34th street and 8th Ave. Walk distance to Broadway, Time Square and surrounded by pharmacy, fast food restaurant and shopping malls. Don't need to worry about transport or food as this area is all busy for whole night. The only problem is there are quite a lot beggars and stray lying on the ground smelling like pee. In the morning, you can see tons of trash everywhere on the streets just stepped out the hotel. Well perhaps it is so called NEW YORK.
Excellent hotel staff helpful friendly and accommodating. We look forward to going back.
expensive and we’re were charged and extra 40 usd per day resort fee on top of the booking through agoda that was supposed to be 100 percent covered and no mention anywhere that there would be extra charges extorted at check in also the area feels quite dangerous at night many people on drugs and beggars i would not stay in this area again i’ve been to 40 countries so i’m an experienced traveler
Stayed at the New Yorker again. Great location and starting point for many activities. Facilities ans staff are great, very helpful. A historical building with a past. Restaurant Tick Tock has much to be desired, however other options in Hotel were fine.
Room was cleaned to a high level everyday and staff were very helpful. Surprising that the room didn't come with a fridge & would've liked to have bottles of water welcoming us. Had travelled 12+ hours to get there and little things can make big differences.
Facility charges are not communicated in advance, but charged upon arrival on top, even though the full amount was prepaid.
Amazing midtown location. Clean room, nice and polite staff.
Agoda stated the tax and hotel fee already included in the price when I booked the hotel, but during checked in , the hotel still wanted to collect extra facilities fee from me which I did not requested for extra facilities such as fee for business center, fitness center, international phone call usage.. The receptionist said the facilities fee is a must even I am not going to use it.
No tea or coffee facilities in room
Great location and interesting history. Dated deco and carpet In front of hotel the evening homeless and drug users The only hotel that you need to pay to store the luggage when you check out.
The room was 4 people with two double bed but the bed was small and not Suitable or comfortable for two people. The bathroom was full with cockroach.
The bathroom was very small, and in a deteriorate state , the ceramic tiles were broken, the taps worn out. There was dust on the sills. No shower cap or beauty set. No fridge, nor coffee machine in the room. If you don' t have a room with a view on the Empire State, it' s worthless.
I like the hotel my room was great with a beautiful city view location was great a very big hotel , the staff was very friendly and helpful I forgot the names but I will visit the same hotel again soon I visit NY
Between the 4pm - and not a minute sooner! - check-in, being charged to store luggage while waiting to check in, the long lines to do anything in the lobby, and the not especially amiable front desk staff, The New Yorker seems to have forgotten its job is to give paying guests a good time and make them want to recommend the place and come back. Rooms are small (but okay it’s NYC I can understand that); the TV in our room was from the Reagan Administration era; and the hotel is not actually in Times Square (it’s not far, about 12 streets away, but given how the hotel is marketed I’d say this is deliberately misleading). All in all you can do better for the price in NY.
Beware to not valet your car here. We did, and they stole items from our glove compartment that was locked (so they actually had to unlock it with the key). No way to prove it. At $85 a day for the valet parking, I was expecting something more safe and Super disappointed !! Also, lots of hidden facility fees where there are technically no hotel facilities. And anyways, there is so much to do in NYC that who would even stay in to use the facilities? We literally only used the room to sleep at night. The hotel is outdated and needs some renovations, and the rooms weren’t really that clean. Only good thing about this hotel is the location, but for the price difference, I rather pay a little bit more and stay somewhere that is more modern and that won’t steal stuff from our car! This is definitely not a 4-star hotel. I would give it at most 2 stars. Would NEVER stay in this hotel again!!!
Great location for us since we were seeing a concert at Madison Square Garden; however, that is the best thing I can say. Our bathroom was filthy. They didn’t clean it while we were there! AND they charge you for everything!! We had to pay to store our luggage after checkout because our flight was later. There’s no gift shop or place to buy drinks or essentials. No ice machine on the floors. I asked for a higher room with a view and it was $30 more. Won’t be staying there again!
I do not know how this Hotel is a 4 Star. The rooms has a 2ft area after bed. The hospitality of the staff is very poor. When we tried to checkin we had to incur hidden charges from the hotel. They did not even reveal it in call. There are much better options nearby. You will get spacious rooms and better facilities.
I was pleased during my stay at the hotel. On arrival there was no line to check-in (which we lucked out with because every other time we were in the lobby there was a huge line) and the staff was super friendly. We were put on the 27th floor, which had an amazing view. However, the be prepared to be patient for the elevators. Although there are elevators designed to only go from 20 floors and up, there’s often a line waiting. I was a little disappointed to see that the “queen” beds, which is the largest bed they offer, is actually a full size. I typically wouldn’t complain about this if I was traveling alone, however my boyfriend and I did have a little difficulty with level of comfort in a small bed. The hotel restaurants are great. Tick-tock is open 24/7 with a lot of options for food, however be prepared to wait for service. If you don’t mind the mass amount of tourists and hustle and bustle constantly going on in the lobby, for the price this is a great option.
The day prior to our stay I notified the hotel that I am travelling with my kids and would require a crib and a roll away. The customer service rep said that it wouldn’t be a problem just to notify the front desk. Checked in at 11am and was told that I would need to upgrade my room so that it is large enough to fit the roll away (150sqf as opposed to 110sqf). Ok $40 later looked like we were ready to go and the staff I was dealing with (Jessica) said she would call when the room is ready. At 7pm (no call all day) I decided to call to confirm. Was placed on hold for 15min and was told the front desk was too busy to take my call. Arrived at 8:30pm and there was absolutely no acknowledgement of my lengthy dealing that morning requesting the roll away. Finally got that settled for the second time. Room was tiny (even with the upgrade had to crawl over the roll away to my bed. Only pro’s were the second staff I dealt with and speedy delivery of crib and roll away at night. Not worth the $
Room was tiny but for the price and for the location in NYC, that was to be expected. We chose to stay in a different hotel for our next two nights in NYC.
Did a double at work instead of commuting all the way back to Staten Island decided to stay the night slept good everything was clean definitely will be back
First time in NY. I knew the hotel was "historic", so I had an idea of what I was signing up for. Despite the superb location, it still felt a bit over-priced, but I guess it would be all the same around Manhattan. I stayed with them for 7 nights with no fridge or coffee maker. They said it would be $50 for the two a night so I just decided to go without. I never thought about not having a fridge, but it was a good lesson learned to check amenities from now on. I had to change my room once because there was something wrong with the faucet and the shower kept running. Also, I forgot my wallet and house keys in the safe, which I realized after I left NY and arrived back home, but they never found it. That's totally on me, but I guess I've gotten used to Japan too much. I really thought I would get them back. Location was excellent right by Penn Station. Walking distance from Empire, Times Square etc. Wouldn't recommend to a friend, but was a good hotel for first time NY travel.
It was so great. In front of the hotel, there are Starbucks and Macdonalds. I felt comfortable. Also, it has to be paid if you want refrigerator in the room, but they gave it for free! And...actually, we lost our lots of money in the room, and after we checked out, the hotel found it and got back! This hotel is very reliable. There are many travelers in the hotel, so you may feel 'live' and the place will give you delight. I strongly recommend this hotel.
Great location, friendly staff
Location is good but the rooms need upgrading. Booked as a family of 5 always had to ask for the extra towel and internet had to be reset every day and drops out at times and resort fee is a bit pricey.
Standard room not very spacious, but the location is excellent, shopping, restaurant, cinema just within 5min walk. however, a lot of free service was chargeable in this hotel inclusive coffee machine. (need to ask for coffee machine). need to check clearly on the bill, hotel over charge me 4nights of parking fees
We didn’t realize the history behind the hotel when we made our reservation. At reading the history on the lower level and admiring the saved decor we realized this was an added bonus. In addition the location was great!
obligatory additional charges were imposed ("facilities fees") which amounted to $259 for the duration of our stay, regardless of whether we used them or not. Not every traveller needs a Business Centre or exercise room , so not every traveller should be charged for facilities we don't all want to use.
New yorker hotel is like low cost airline rooms what u c on internet are absolutely diffrent wat u c there if u want to change room u pay from 20$ to 45 $ extra U get gud hotels almost same price in same area there is no coffees maker or bottles of water wen u enter room
It's right above the penn station and a block away from the port authority where the buses are. How can you go wrong with that. There are so many homeless people wandering about, though.
Pro Close to Penn station Inexpensive Huge fitness center Con Room tiny no space to move around or put suitcase No refrigerator water coffee or tea in the room Noisy could hear neighbor’s shower No counter space around bathroom sink Long line to check in
I’m a frequent traveller and I’m so used to small spaces but The New Yorker hotel has room interiors that don’t address practicality in small spaces. The drawer is bulky and gets in the way. There is no extra shelf or hooks in the bathroom to put your things on. Hallways are wide but rooms are very small, hence, space is not efficiently used. Worse, the cleaning lady took my prescription pills so never have your room cleaned here. I’m sure it was the cleaning lady because I don’t have my room cleaned and it was only when it was cleaned that my pills disappeared from my table. And the front desk personnel talks about personal stuff while attending to check in clients. Then we had our baggage kept in storage overnight while I go to DC only to learn the following day upon claiming that the guy who took my $10 fee should have issued me a receipt (thus, I was being charged again plus the guy probably pocketed the $10 hahaha). It’s as if this hotel is not by Wyndham.
Our room was perfect size not too small nor too big. Our beds were absolutely the best ever. I would recommend the hotel based on just the bed alone but the stay was very smooth from check in to check out. We had the day to stay and tour til our departure so Hitt had luggage storage access did just $5 per bag we used so we could still go through town with the kids and not carry our belongings m. Absolutely our best stay in New York. Huge lobby to sit as you await your transportation or friends.
I was Nickle and dimed for everything. You charged me $35 resort fee, then $5 for every piece of luggage to leave with bellhop. My room wasn’t even clean.
Directly across from Madison Square Garden and subway across the road, the hotel is perfect for downtown exploring. A couple blocks from the hustle of Times square yet very quiet and upmarket in its service and design.
We spent 4 nights at the hotel. The last night of our stay, at 2am we noticed the toilet was flooded. Dirty water was all over the bathroom floor. The hotel maintenance person came and said " It happens". We cleaned the floor with the bath towels. Then we asked the housekeeper to take the dirty towels away. She said "You are checking out today, right? You have to ask my manager first." We spent almost AUD 500 a night, so we did not expect an event like this in the middle of the night. We have sent emails twice to the hotel in the past month to complain and asked for the last night's hotel fee to be refunded. No reply at all from them.
Metro line to everything you need to take to explore New York is either next beside you on the 8th st or across, super convenient. Value for money, Clean, Reasonable size. Will definitely come back!
Why can't they clean up the hallways. Very old hotel.
This is my first time to stay in a hotel in NY. I chose the hotel because of its location near Penn Station as we were visitors to and fro DC. The hotel is old, so I was already expecting old facilities. It was disappointing however that the room we got for a whopping 4-star rate does not have a refrigerator, nor any complimentary bottled water. The signs for the ice vending machine was also deceiving. From our 20th floor, it says it is located in the 22nd. Then on the 22nd, it says it is on the 21st! It's a maze. And during our stay, there were only two people in the entire hotel whom I receive smiles: the hotel manager and the housekeeper (the Asian). There was one housekeeper whose face bear all the problems of the world. I dunno. My experience was not great. I would not stay in this hotel again. I'd rather go to a smaller boutique hotel that maybe its staff can give more attention. Sad.
The room was small and the bathroom was cramped. The mattress was too soft. The room seemed to be updated, but the hallway was old and looked dirty. The location is convenient, particularly for those who take an Amtrak train since it is so close to the Penn Station.
A last minute cancellation due to water and gas outage found us looking for a hotel at very short notice. The New Yorker fit 90% of the brief. Very central, with Penn Station just 2 minutes walk and on the direct bus line from the ferry wharf. Everything was at your finger tips with the hop on hop off bus stop being only 1 block away for the downtown trips. The only 2 criticisms were nocoffee making facilities in the room and silly cushion size pillows. Good restaurants were only 1-2 blocks away.
We chose this property through booking.com for the location. When we checked in, we were surprised that there was an additional US$45.00 daily charge for resort facilities. The staff was kind enough to lower this to US$15.00 per day but that was still a significant and unbudgeted cost. Moreover, the rationale for the facilities included unlimited domestic and international telephone calls which we would not need. However, the stars of this hotel would be particular members of its staff and its location. The room cleaners were efficient and discrete. And they returned to clean when they said they would! The bellman was personable, helpful and kind. The checkin clerk did what she could about the daily US$45 fee by lowering it. The hotel is also interesting for its history. There is a small exhibit downstairs including a bust of Its famous guest Nikolas Tesla. I would definitely stay there again.
I stayed at the Wyndham for a second time because I had a coffee maker in my room on the last visit in 2018. This time I was informed that a coffee maker for the room as $25 PER DAY. I have to depart for meetings at 7 am and do not want to have to make a trip out of the hotel to get coffee while I am preparing for my day. Very bad customer service.
Central but not a clean or especially safe location - lots of street rubbish and homeless people. Walking distance to Macy's, Empire State Building and Central Park. The Italian Restaurant connected to the Hotel is great - great food and good service and not expensive. Room was very pokey and dated. It's a very old Hotel. Service in hotel is minimal and no one will offer to help with bags etc.
Great location. Close to all transportation to get you anywhere you wanted to go in Manhattan. Very centralized. The rooms felt like you were stepping back in time in a good way giving a feeling that you were staying in a significant piece of history. Rooms were small but cozy like I would imagine most are in NYC. I thought it was rather expensive but NYC is an expensive city and the prices are comparable. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a room with 2 windows with an amazing view. Our friends were not so lucky and their view was of another room due to the architecture of the building. Tic Toc Restaurant is very convenient anytime but the food was hit and miss. Some staff went out of the way to make us feel welcome. Didn’t really appreciate the daily resort fee as I did not use the fitness Center. All in all, I enjoyed my stay and I would stay there again.
$25 for an electric kettle in the room is a rip off. I chatted to housekeeping a couple times and she was a very kind and pleasant lady 🙂
The only reason I've been disappointed is that we have been charged $34 per night for the wife and phone calls. We were told that it was only a single fee of $34 for all the time we stayed at the hotel
The worst experience of a hotel in my life! I checked into the hotel late at night and went to sleep and woke up in the morning covered in bite marks from lice/bed bugs. After arguing with the hotel management they changed my room, refused to acknowledge the problem and instead tried to put the blame back onto me and said i brought the insects with me! AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS! The staff and the way the situation was handled was the worst customer service i've experienced in my life and im a frequent traveler and travel monthly all over the world. I spent my whole NYC trip uncomfortable and itchy and had to buy new clothes and lots of money at the pharmacy !
The room was relatively small, but big enough for a couple. The art deco fittings in the bathroom and bedroom were beautiful. The location is fantastic with a 10 mins walk to Times Square and on the edge of Chelsea, Hells Kitchen and Hudson Yards. The only gripe was that we hung our towels up so that they wouldn't be replaced to help the environment, but they were still replaced everyday. There was also no coffee maker in the room, so had to get up and go to Starbucks opposite everyday
Excellent location, alright near by Penn Station and beautiful night view of empire state building. Staff provided good assistance for early check in and understanding for an extended check out despite being fully booked.
Great position-good diner with great staff(Dora)- rooms a little small-I didn't notice water, coffee and tea were provided-helpful front desk, especially Michael the manager
The best thing is it’s location. Very close to the main sights. Our room - a queen with city views - was quite small. It had a small bath and an iron which was useful. Unfortunately there were no tea/coffee making facilities and no bottled water. The hotel does need updating and redecoration. We were on the 35th floor where the corridors were beginning to look shabby. We had some problems with our door keycard which needed replacing every day. A nice receptionist - I can’t remember her name, sorry - recognised our frustration and gave us free breakfast vouchers for use in the Tick Tock Diner. I would recommend a Mexican diner called Lucy’s just across from the hotel, which offered good food/ drink at a reasonable price especially during happy hour - 4 to 7 pm.
They claim to have queen size beds but it's actually a full size
Great location... small room and out dated bathroom for the price
Hotel is good , but needs to provide complimentary coffee and Tea services with coffee maker in the room