Breakfast is good, but other than that, it is not a good place. My toilet would not flush, maintenance came & fixed it, which I had to fix again later myself. The shower water would not drain fat enough. I had to get out the shower quick,sue to the water about to flow out of the tub. I would pay the extra money & have a better stay.
This hotel has no amenities available to its guest. They change prices at all times. They don’t care if you book a room for one week like me or or one day. I’ve been eaten up by bugs all night. You can find better hotels at a better price.
Stayed 7.5.2019 til 7.7.2019 - Room was outdated. Bathroom was disgusting needs a complete remodel and the A/C was terrible, made it hard to really be able to sleep at night. This was by far the worse Ramada I’ve ever stayed in before.
Honestly my room is not bad at all. The air-conditioner works and the room is clean, and the service of the receptionist is pretty good. I think it is not a bad motel at that price. I am satisfied for it.
Worst hotel i ever seen .. bad receptionist. Manager kelliannie keep laughing on client who call and she is not welcoming at all. I don’t recommend it
Nothing at this place works. The pool was closed and under construction. The microwave was in the room but no plug. First time stepping in the room realized there was a dirty towel on the ground pee in the toilet and are was completely off and smelt like sweat. Breakfast was a joke there was nothing but waffles and they ran out of all baked goods by 9 a.m. one morning no fresh fruit either... see the cops in the back ground when we were checking in, should have known better 
The first room they gave us had no ac and was 100 degrees in there. As from what I heard, I wasn't the only one with this problem either. The second room they gave us, the outlet for the AC wasn't working. So we had to wait to use it. The second day we stayed the power went out. I feel like this place has great potential but falls really short and is extremely unorganized. Let me not speak on the pool being renovated right now, so there was no pool either. I was mad at this given the fact that there was no mention of this and was also a big park why I chose to stay here. Would only stay here if you can get it for 50 bucks a night lol.
I have pictures ! I will give it one star STRICTLY for the reason - the lady who gave me my money back. First of all, a hole in the wall. Phone didn’t work. Stain on the bed. No “do not disturb sign” provided and when I realized the phone didn’t work I had to use my cell: they told me to write a note and hang it on the wall. No note pad, pen and obviously no tape. Floors were filthy. Lamp shade was broken.
This is crap!!! Discuss me just to remember I got a reservation online with fake advertising and pictures they are the most disgusting place I ever been too!!! Horrible!! Mold .blood stains the smell was indescribable!!! I lost my money cus I was not staying there !! I don’t recommend this dump!!! Please don’t call se this facility all the pictures aren’t real!!! Fake all Fake!!! If I had a choice of zero stars or the middle finger I’ll give it to this Dump!!
Used to enjoy the tilted kilt. Average hotel. Rooms are okay. I seem to always get stuck in the back of the hotel, which wasn't great. The pool was good. Overall average.
love it* clean reasonable great location
We got a room with two queen beds for four people, they gave us one towel, and argued with us when we asked for more towels. The tv didn’t even work and we had to fix it ourselves. The other two people that came with us had a separate room and their room wasn’t even ready when we clocked in at 3:30. There was also no toilet paper in the bathroom. The toilet took forever to flush and the shower wouldn’t drain. And the bathroom floor had hair all over the place. I will never stay there again.
If I could give 0 stars I would! I booked it with Hotwire. So a few days before our reservation I called and asked to reserve a crib for my room because I hate having my daughter sleep next time and the only other option I had was keep her in the car seat which I did not want to do so when we got there they told me no crib was on the reservation but they’ll bring one up a few ours later we callled and they told us they have no more available. our door was a pain to open we had to call the front desk to open it for us every time! Also when we first got there we were told most rooms didn’t have a/c but we did get one with a/c. Then the next morning after checking in our electricity started going on & off. We called and were told they’re trying to get it fixed so we left the hotel from 11am to about 1am and the electricity was out completely in our room and were told they have to wait for maintenance the next morning & were given the managers number to call. So by then we were just fed up & had to stay with family for the night and booked a different hotel for the rest of our stay. We constantly called for the manager & kept “missing her” and left a few messages for her because we want a refund! One of the times we called in to talk to the manager and to make sure they checked us out the room we were told that they had already checked someone else in without even knowing for sure that we checked out. I can’t imagine how that would’ve been if we hadn’t checked out and they checked someone else in while we were staying in the room. Hot wire gave us half the refund but we want the rest and still haven’t heard back and it’s been about 5 days. I seriously don’t recommend! Terrible customer service! Only somewhat positive thing is the room was decently clean the bathroom wasn’t though I was extremely grossed out I didn’t even take a shower there I took my showers at my brothers house.
Under renovation. Seems like it will be a nice hotel upon completion.
Got in at 1:AM to a mostly asleep clerk. Front door is working, mostly. Hard to open from being wornout and out of square. Got to sleep at 2 am and woke up to only decaf coffee. Didn't have time to deal with it at 4:30am on my way to work. Got back after work to exchange coffee at the desk and was informed that all that was available in the entire motel was decaf. Clerk suggested that they should buy some. No bottled water at the break buffet, didn't see anything worth eating. Not sure why Wyndham would put their name on a place like this.
Stay far far away! Black mold in the shower, dirty floor, nasty bedding, no towels, smelled horrible. A woman knocked on the door early in the morning to ask if I had extended my stay because the sheet she was carrying said the room we were in was listed as vacant. After speaking to her we packed our bags and left. I paid for 3 nights online stayed for maybe 8 hours and left. Didnt even bother to argue about getting my money back just wanted to leave as fast as possible. If I had a pet fish I wouldn't bring it here. Apparently the room we got was a renovated one. If that's what they considered remodeled I suggest they go out of business.
This was one of my worst experience in my life! It was too bad! We have waited for more than two hours for check in, (even we had already a confimation for our room a week ago). Receptionists said that "Go another hotel, most of our rooms ACs don't work!". We did not leave.
Finally we got the room around 2.30 AM. One of the beds in 2 double bed room was broken, and they didn't do anything for 3 days:(((!
In an addition, pool was closed, it was under construction, but nobody informed us about this!
Currently staying here for few nights (travel for work)
-Right off a Major high way
-Rooms very small
-Bed is busted and uneven
-Mini fridge has mold and other stuff growing around the rubber of the door
-shower has a giant patch in the ceiling
-dead bugs against the wall
-Strange smell in the room (like covering up another odor)
-Door frame in bathroom is broken
-curtains stained along with couch in room.
I’ve stayed in Ramada’s before and this is by far the lowest level one I’ve stayed at.
If I could I give this place zero star. No ac in the rooms and the employee keep saying lies that the ac gonna be working after an hour. In addition they don't let you know this issue after check in
Horrible Customer Service. Everyone especially the Manager Kim has a disgusting attitude. No pool.... No AC... Horrible disgusting carpets. It looks like a shabby motel that you find down some dirt road.
new york city bus tour booked this place during our stay. the free internet didn’t work until very late at night so don’t rely on the internet there. the morning breakfast was amazing and the lady who served the food was super duper sweet and nice. the AC was working fine, but the bathroom was pretty dirty and didn’t supply us enough with towels, which if u wanted more, had to be of extra charge. all in all it was a pretty mediocre stay
Very clean very comfortable I would totally stay here again.
I went there to stay not to long ago and let me just say it was the worst hotel I stayed at. When I was checking in, many people where making complaints and I was getting worried. On my way to my room, the pool was out and so was the gym. There was nothing fun to do. But no big deal, I get that stuff can happen but when I asked how long the pool was out the workers said “months”. I was really looking forward for the pool. It should’ve said on the website that the pool was out and so was the gym. Then when I got to my room. It was sooo hot. The ac was barley working. I had to call the desk for a fan and the fan even made soo much noise. I was really really unhappy with my experience here
The room was very dirty , no towels , we had to scrub tub In order to take a shower . Their was alot of long hairs in the tub. Bathroom floor was slimy husband wiped off with a clean towel ,it was black. Very disappointed, they wouldn't even give us a discount,we haf a reservation for one more day but decided to go back home and lost are money ,wouldn't give a refund.
This hotel seemed like a good affordable option for a 1 night stay, but this was a terrible experience. My partner and I were almost late to a wedding because our room wasn’t ready at check in time (3pm). We were waiting since 1:30 along with other guests waiting to check in. At 3 (the official check in time), there was a line because so many people were still waiting for rooms. The hotel staff were clueless about when rooms would become available. The only redeeming quality were the other guests who helped us out. The staff was extremely unprofessional in handling guest's questions and frustrations during and after this awful experience. I made repeated attempts to discuss this with the manager who gave me the runaround. She eventually contacted me back with an indifferent response. Horrible experience. Don’t stay here. No one deserves this kind of experience. Just don’t do it.
I would give this place zero stars if I could. The ads online were completely misleading. The service road location is less than desirable but we could’ve forgiven that. The AC barely worked and couldn’t be controlled and we are in the middle of a heat-wave. The room reeked of cigarette smoke. The kicker was the bathroom door that had its knob/lock torn out from the door so the door could not close.
What hotel thinks it’s okay to house people in a room with broken doors that is drenched in cigarette smoke and not even mention oh maybe this room SUCKS is beyond me.
We woke up as early as possible (not even 7am) to get the F out of there.
Disgusting. Staff was also unfriendly and barely acknowledges you. Avoid at all costs. I would’ve rather paid for an overpriced uber to be home or crashed on a friend’s couch.
One of the worst rundown hotels I have ever been to, and I have been in some bad ones! Most of the rooms have non-functioning airconditioners. I had to chenge rooms twice to finally get one with a window unit that worked. the rooms are dirty and smelly. One smelled like Vicks rub! lights don't work and no hangers in the closts. The towels smell bad and burn your skin. there were stains on the sheet and dust everywhere. The toilet seat was brocken and ....
Over all, not a bad experience but not great. Check in took long due to first hotel room not shutting and the faucet leaking, second room the key didnt work. Once they fixed the key, the A/C "worked" but barely functioned in 90 degrees. Room was clean but walls paper thin so I could hear ever last cough. Breakfast was good though. My groupon made it worth the money otherwise, it would have been overpriced
Black mold, no working air conditioning, fluids of some kind on the walls, TV, mirror. There is a Days Inn in Wayne, NJ with a pool and newly renovated, clean rooms for the same price. I would stay clear of this hotel.
Black mold in the shower. Also the entire ac unit for the complex stopped working in June and no eta when they would fix. Place is supposed to be smoke free but smells of smoke. Ac is still broke for everyone for two days now and there house keeping through away all my food. This place is a dump
Rooms are dirty
Curtain and Floor carpets called for immediate replacement and not even cleaning.
All elect outlets are tampered and in damaged condition.
Overall experience in this Hotel was not up to the mark
First night was terrible. Pulled in late and there were holes in the wall near the tv, electric outlet uncovered, sparking hairdryer, the hot water could have literally burned us, etc. The customer service staff did not know math and could not even do the bill right. Had to bang on the door for the manager to come out and finish what the attendant couldn’t. The cleaning crew was one person who took our clean towels and never cleaned the floor just wiped down the counters. This hotel really needs some updating and a face lift when it comes to who is employed. May look like a good deal but DON’T FALL FOR IT!!! We checked out and went to another hotel down the street. Also Expedia does not help get you out of a hotel and into another. They are the worst! We were on vacation and we had to do all the work ourselves. Also everything was under renovation and the pictures lie online. Very surprised that this is a Wyndham since we’ve stayed at many in the past.
Disgusting. After my children and I traveled 11 hours we where exhausted so I booked a room here. When I walked in the room it was the most disgusting thing I have ever seen..floor was full or dust and hair, mirrors smudged, toilet had urine around the seat. I called and complained so they switched us to another room and that room was just as bad the worker was even appalled of the rooms condition. The head housekeeper walked in BAREFOOTED and said he saw no problem with the conditions. I could not let my children sleep in such filth. I asked for a refund and left elsewhere. Do not stay here.
Only gave 2 towels for four people, carpet was super wet, attendant constantly disappears and hard to contact, trash everywhere, very sketchy place. Beds were comfortable tho.
This Saturday I booked a Room here and it was 100. The AC was not working no one informed us that there wasnt any air condition in the units or Electric City. The staff weren't friendly at all ( But then again to have such a rude manager who will allowed the facility to still operate under these circumstances would make me unhappy to work there either) they didn't even offer us a fan and the pool was being renovated so how can you cool off in 100ﾟ? You will hope you can atleast take a shower, but the amount of dust and dirt surrounding the bathroom alone is enough to discuss you. Then we couldn't get a refund because we booked it with groupon. I advise everyone never come this hotel! And I'm calling the Department of Health on them
Only gave 2 towels for four people, carpet was super wet, attendant constantly disappears and hard to contact, trash everywhere, very sketchy place. Beds were comfortable tho.
First night was terrible. Pulled in late and there were holes in the wall near the tv, electric outlet uncovered, sparking hairdryer, the hot water could have literally burned us, etc. The customer service staff did not know math and could not even do the bill right. Had to bang on the door for the manager to come out and finish what the attendant couldn’t. The cleaning crew was one person who took our clean towels and never cleaned the floor just wiped down the counters. This hotel really needs some updating and a face lift when it comes to who is employed. May look like a good deal but DON’T FALL FOR IT!!! We checked out and went to another hotel down the street. Also Expedia does not help get you out of a hotel and into another. They are the worst! We were on vacation and we had to do all the work ourselves. Also everything was under renovation and the pictures lie online. Very surprised that this is a Wyndham since we’ve stayed at many in the past.
- Dirty rooms
- Poor customer service
- Argumentative staff who were unwilling to help, until I went to corporate
- No AC
- "Under construction" (but I never saw a single worker working during the weekdays I was there).
- MOD and GM always "on vacation", or "on lunch" or "running errands"